<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC (Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord).png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Astral Express
|location        = Party Car
|relatives       = 
}}
'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord)''' is an NPC on [[Astral Express]], located in [[Party Car]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Party Car|npc_165_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink! Oink oink!
:After you started redecorating your room, this trotter also expanded its exploratory range. Now it wanders around your room, curiously sniffing every corner.
:{{DIcon}} Why not play with it a little?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611819-->
::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink~ Oink oink oink!
::It eagerly rubs against your hand, feeling very excited by your attention.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_534014108_175-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_534014108_175-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} (Pat it on the head)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611822-->
:::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink, oink oink~
:::The trotter lets out a squeal of excitement, scrunching up its nose frequently in response. It's very happy.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} (Squeeze its nose)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611825-->
:::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink... oink oink...
:::The trotter's nose is extremely sensitive. Something seems to be brewing...
:::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' OINK!
:::It is a gigantic sneeze... Thankfully Aether Spirits don't have snot.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} (Tug on its ear)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611830-->
:::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink, oink oink~
:::The trotter's instinct for escape is reflected in every part of its body. You try to catch its dexterous ears, but your hand is just not fast enough.
:::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink, oink oink~
:::Did you hear that? That's the oink of victory.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} (Pat its butt)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611835-->
:::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink, oink oink! Oink...
:::There is a saying across the cosmos: "One must never touch a trotter's butt," no matter how cute or small it is.
:::The trotter is very displeased with what you have done. It deserves respect, too.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} (That's enough playing)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611839-->
:::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink, oink oink!
:::The trotter still looks full of energy, but people can't afford to put all of their limited energy into endless play sessions with trotters.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon}} Declare the room rules to it.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611842-->
::This is your territory. Your territory, and it must listen to you.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_534014108_199-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_534014108_199-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} No jumping on the bed.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611844-->
:::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink oink oink~ squeal!
:::It doesn't seem very interested in the bed. Rolling around on the floor feels freer.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} No stealing snacks.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611847-->
:::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink~ squeal!
:::Its response means, "Just share a bite with me!"
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} No loud noises at night.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611850-->
:::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink... Oink... Oink...
:::It answers softly, as if trying to avoid making noise.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} No playing with the computer.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611853-->
:::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink oink, oink? Squeal?
:::As if it could play on the computer!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} In any case, it has to obey!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611856-->
:::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink!
:::It says, "At your command!"
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon}} For now, ask it to leave.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611860-->
::Only guests with an invitation can enter your private space!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: pumanfor165-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's play with it again another time.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031561-->
::'''(Warp Trotter/Trotter/Bubbles/Puffball/Ivory Menace/Chunky Chops/Turbo Trotter/Trotterlord):''' Oink, oink oink!
::The Trotter is trying to get your attention. It's working so hard, and you're cold as ice.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_503611858)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503611858-->
::For a free-spirited trotter, these rules are indeed too strict.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Trotter
|zhs  = 扑满
|zht  = 撲滿
|ja   = プーマン
|ko   = 저금통
|es   = Chanchito
|fr   = Magoret
|ru   = Свинка-копилка
|th   = Trotter
|vi   = Heo Đất
|de   = Sparschwein
|id   = Treasure Trotter
|pt   = Cofrinho
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}