<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Assistant#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = (Trailblazer)'s Assistant
|image           = NPC Assistant.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Astral Express
|location        = Party Car
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Assistant''' is an NPC on [[Astral Express]], located in [[Party Car]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Party Car|npc_175_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504048001: Config/Level/Mission/5040480/Act/Act504048001.json-->
::'''Little Robot:''' Room scan completed! Setting up room details... Authorization confirmed: (Trailblazer).
::'''Little Robot:''' Ah, perhaps I should have introduced myself? Sorry about that, after everything we've been through, I forgot the formalities.
::'''Little Robot:''' My designation is XS-9527 from the Herta Space Station, but these days I'm going by "(Trailblazer)'s assistant," much like Miss Himeko does.
::'''Little Robot:''' You can just refer to me as "assistant" &mdash; and no, it's definitely not because names like "Dumb-Dumb," "Dumb-Dumb123," "Genius," and "Genius123" were all already taken!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why do you talk so much?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504048006-->
:::'''Assistant:''' Show some respect! I'm not being talkative &mdash; it's just me having Artificial Intelligence!
:::'''Assistant:''' After our last field operation, I gathered enough data to upgrade some functions...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've changed a bit, haven't you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504048009-->
:::'''Assistant:''' Thanks to all the training data we've gathered together, I've been able to enhance my functions.
:::'''Assistant:''' The biggest change I've noticed &mdash; I've started forming my own thoughts. Like now, I don't want to just sweep floors in this dreary mood, I'd rather stay here with you.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504048011-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504048011-->
::'''Assistant:''' Ah! I almost forgot I need to update you on the new features from this upgrade, tailored just for you by the Express and space station...
::'''Assistant:''' First up, "Life Assistant" mode. I can tidy your room and manage clutter. If we have the right ingredients, I can cook for you too.
::'''Assistant:''' Then there's the "Communication Assistant" mode. I've got the space station's directory loaded up, ready to handle incoming messages, save important ones, and facilitate remote connections upon approval.
::'''Assistant:''' Don't forget "Reading" mode, which includes access to albums and private files at any time.
::'''Assistant:''' Adler, a researcher from the space station, asked me to pass on a message. He's halted his research on the station's ghost tales and has a manuscript for you &mdash; it's a photocopy, which I've already verified.
::'''Assistant:''' Besides that, the engineers gave me a singing function... Seriously, whose idea was that?
::'''Assistant:''' Cough, considering the current state of my voice production module, I'd advise against using this feature unless absolutely necessary.
::'''Assistant:''' Alright, I need to refresh the data and tweak some settings tailored to your needs. Just give me a shout if you need anything.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504048002: Config/Level/Mission/5040480/Act/Act504048002.json-->
::'''Assistant:''' Data has been updated to the latest version, welcome back, (Trailblazer)! Is there anything I can help you with?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Little Robot
|zhs  = 小机器人
|zht  = 小機器人
|ja   = 小さなロボット
|ko   = 소형 로봇
|es   = Robot pequeño
|fr   = Petit robot
|ru   = Маленький робот
|th   = หุ่นยนต์จิ๋ว
|vi   = Robot Nhỏ
|de   = Kleiner Roboter
|id   = Robot Kecil
|pt   = Robozinho
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}