<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Black Swan#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Black Swan.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Astral Express
|location        = Party Car
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Black Swan''' is an NPC on [[Astral Express]], located in [[Party Car]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Party Car|npc_107_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503114010: Config/Level/Mission/5031140/Act/Act503114010.json-->
:'''Black Swan:''' What's on your mind? Do you want to sit and talk?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Just a casual chat.
::'''Black Swan:''' Go ahead. I'm all ears.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503114011_16-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503114011_16-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the hitchhiking...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116104-->
:::'''Black Swan:''' Oh? Don't tell me I'm supposed to pay for the ride...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503114011_19-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503114011_19-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} The Memokeeper on the Express...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116106-->
::::'''Black Swan:''' You wish to know more about her? Well, yes, we've already met.
::::'''Black Swan:''' But sadly, I can't indulge your curiosity. As Memokeepers, we can't pry into each other's plans.
::::'''Black Swan:''' Just so you know, I haven't sensed anything that comes off as a threat in her. No need to be concerned about that.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} The departure time...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116110-->
::::'''Black Swan:''' Hehe, looks like someone is a little impatient! But as the Navigator said, it's best for us to prepare as best as we can now.
::::'''Black Swan:''' Patience and elegance can give people an irresistible charm. Perhaps you should consider slowing down a bit?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to glimpse into my destiny!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116113-->
::::'''Black Swan:''' Hehe, while I do have some knowledge of divination, I'm no expert, and I don't really believe in a predetermined future.
::::'''Black Swan:''' Compared to the future, I find your past more intriguing.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} Talk about something else...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503114011_16-->
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Black Swan...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116117-->
:::::'''Black Swan:''' You want to know more about me?
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503114011_34-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503114011_34-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's life on the Express?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116119-->
::::::'''Black Swan:''' Hmm... I wouldn't call it boring... but, it's just been a bit uneventful.
::::::'''Black Swan:''' Luckily, a certain {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} Trailblazer often stops by, bringing {{MC|f=her|m=his}} vibrant energy to lift the spirits of this lonely passenger.
::::::'''Black Swan:''' Will {{MC|f=she|m=he}} keep visiting me until I find my place in {{MC|f=her|m=his}} memory?
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to know more about your past...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116123-->
::::::'''Black Swan:''' Ha! You're intrigued by the Remembrance as well? Maybe you're destined to follow THEIR Path!
::::::'''Black Swan:''' A good rule of thumb is to uncover others' pasts not just with words, but with your heart, hehe.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About The Cremators...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116126-->
::::::'''Black Swan:''' I get why you'd be curious about them. People don't usually have nice things to say about The Cremators.
::::::'''Black Swan:''' But until you're ready, I highly recommend not inquiring about them. Having this "memory" could reveal your presence before you.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all I wanted to talk about.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Black Swan...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116117-->
:::'''Black Swan:''' You want to know more about me?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503114011_34-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503114011_34-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's life on the Express?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116119-->
::::'''Black Swan:''' Hmm... I wouldn't call it boring... but, it's just been a bit uneventful.
::::'''Black Swan:''' Luckily, a certain {{MC|f=Ms.|m=Mr.}} Trailblazer often stops by, bringing {{MC|f=her|m=his}} vibrant energy to lift the spirits of this lonely passenger.
::::'''Black Swan:''' Will {{MC|f=she|m=he}} keep visiting me until I find my place in {{MC|f=her|m=his}} memory?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to know more about your past...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116123-->
::::'''Black Swan:''' Ha! You're intrigued by the Remembrance as well? Maybe you're destined to follow THEIR Path!
::::'''Black Swan:''' A good rule of thumb is to uncover others' pasts not just with words, but with your heart, hehe.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About The Cremators...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116126-->
::::'''Black Swan:''' I get why you'd be curious about them. People don't usually have nice things to say about The Cremators.
::::'''Black Swan:''' But until you're ready, I highly recommend not inquiring about them. Having this "memory" could reveal your presence before you.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} Talk about something else...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503114011_16-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the hitchhiking...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116104-->
:::::'''Black Swan:''' Oh? Don't tell me I'm supposed to pay for the ride...
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503114011_19-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503114011_19-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} The Memokeeper on the Express...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116106-->
::::::'''Black Swan:''' You wish to know more about her? Well, yes, we've already met.
::::::'''Black Swan:''' But sadly, I can't indulge your curiosity. As Memokeepers, we can't pry into each other's plans.
::::::'''Black Swan:''' Just so you know, I haven't sensed anything that comes off as a threat in her. No need to be concerned about that.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} The departure time...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116110-->
::::::'''Black Swan:''' Hehe, looks like someone is a little impatient! But as the Navigator said, it's best for us to prepare as best as we can now.
::::::'''Black Swan:''' Patience and elegance can give people an irresistible charm. Perhaps you should consider slowing down a bit?
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to glimpse into my destiny!
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116113-->
::::::'''Black Swan:''' Hehe, while I do have some knowledge of divination, I'm no expert, and I don't really believe in a predetermined future.
::::::'''Black Swan:''' Compared to the future, I find your past more intriguing.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all I wanted to talk about.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all I wanted to talk about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 424040719--> or {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 104010124-->)
:{{DIcon}} Regarding Amphoreus...
::'''Black Swan:''' Let me guess... You're not here just to chat, right?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503114013_64-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503114013_64-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How much do you know about Amphoreus?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116303-->
:::'''Black Swan:''' You want to know about the destination? What would you like to know?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503114013_67-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503114013_67-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} The current information we have...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116305-->
::::'''Black Swan:''' Unfortunately, I've never set foot there, hence my limited knowledge.
::::'''Black Swan:''' What is certain is that the planet reflected in the mirror of the Garden of Recollection is no ordinary place. Moreover... that is a world where the Three Paths are entangled.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} The goal of the Garden...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116308-->
::::'''Black Swan:''' It's better to call it my personal goal.
::::'''Black Swan:''' It is my duty to salvage memories that are forgotten, while Amphoreus... is a treasure behind a window, with the Aeons' blinding light radiating from within, mesmerizing all.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you divine the risks?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116311-->
::::'''Black Swan:''' Hee-hee. I have dabbled in such things, but it's not like I'm well-versed in divination, nor do I believe in a predetermined future.
::::'''Black Swan:''' Compared to the future, I find your past more intriguing.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} Talk about something else...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503114013_64-->
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all for now.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116315-->
:::::'''Black Swan:''' Feel free to talk to me whenever you're feeling lost.
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all for now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503116315-->
:::'''Black Swan:''' Feel free to talk to me whenever you're feeling lost.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 424040719--> or {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 104010124-->)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} It's nothing.
::'''Black Swan:''' Feel free to talk to me whenever you're feeling lost.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Black Swan
|zhs  = 黑天鹅
|zht  = 黑天鵝
|ja   = ブラックスワン
|ko   = 블랙 스완
|es   = Cisne Negro
|fr   = Cygne noir
|ru   = Чёрный Лебедь
|th   = Black Swan
|vi   = Black Swan
|de   = Schwarzer Schwan
|id   = Black Swan
|pt   = Cisne Negro
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}