<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cyrones#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Wizened Priest
|image           = NPC Cyrones.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Cyrones''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud|npc_145_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504091001: Config/Level/Mission/5040910/Act/Act504091001.json-->
::'''Cyrones:''' {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}}, answer cries of your people! Why have you left us in darkness? I have offered I have offered, prayed day and night... but where are you now?
::'''Cyrones:''' Another lost pilgrim? No, no! Haha, just another forsaken soul, cast aside like me!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you alright? You seem agitated.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504091004-->
:::'''Cyrones:''' Alright? Ha! What could possibly be wrong? I've only been abandoned by the Titan I've devoted my entire life to!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504091009-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504091009-->
:::'''Cyrones:''' The irony! Those faithful followers... risking their lives to pull me from beneath the fallen statue, shouting "Save the high priest."
:::'''Cyrones:''' How absurd! If {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}} truly held divine power, why would mortal hands be needed to save me?
:::'''Cyrones:''' {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}}, why have you deserted us! How can you stay silent!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're a priest of Kephale, aren't you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504091006-->
:::'''Cyrones:''' Oh? You've heard my preaching? Then you must remember how often I stressed the importance of "observing the rituals."
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504091009-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504091009-->
:::'''Cyrones:''' The irony! Those faithful followers... risking their lives to pull me from beneath the fallen statue, shouting "Save the high priest."
:::'''Cyrones:''' How absurd! If {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}} truly held divine power, why would mortal hands be needed to save me?
:::'''Cyrones:''' {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}}, why have you deserted us! How can you stay silent!
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'm just passing by. I'll leave you now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504091008-->
:::'''Cyrones:''' Go then, go! Just as {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}} abandoned us all.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504091002: Config/Level/Mission/5040910/Act/Act504091002.json-->
::'''Cyrones:''' Why desert us! Why stay silent&mdash; You again? What are you doing here, looking for the missing Titan like me?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504091002_27-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504091002_27-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's really happened to Kephale?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504091103-->
:::'''Cyrones:''' When the calamity struck, I prayed to {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}}, offering my most precious collections as sacrifices, but all I got in return... was a crumbling statue and silence.
:::'''Cyrones:''' The followers risked their lives to rescue me, shouting "Save the high priest." How absurd... what's the point of saving a priest who can't even get his god to answer?
:::'''Cyrones:''' Since then, neither I, my fellow priests, nor any followers have heard anything from them. What does this mean? Have they abandoned us... or has something happened to them? I simply don't know...
:::'''Cyrones:''' Those who maintain their faith in {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}}... they insist this is just a test, that Kephale never left... such unwavering belief, and I had the audacity to mock their innocence.
:::'''Cyrones:''' There was a time when I preached before the Council of Elders about ritual power, demanding others follow my guidance. Now all I have are ruins and endless questions...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} So what's your plan now?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504091109-->
:::'''Cyrones:''' Plans? What plans are left for these old bones? I wish I could simply walk away, but the faithful saved me from the temple. I can't abandon them as {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}} abandoned us.
:::'''Cyrones:''' If they wish to continue their prayers, I'll perform the rituals. As for responses... bah! These followers need my comfort as well. For now, this is our only course.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Maybe I should leave you now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504091112-->
:::'''Cyrones:''' Go then, go! Just as {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}} abandoned us all.
:::'''Cyrones:''' If you ever get a response from the Worldbearing Titan, tell them this &mdash; Cyrones still waits for their answer. We deserve an explanation!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cyrones
|zhs  = 塞若涅斯
|zht  = 塞若涅斯
|ja   = セロネス
|ko   = 사이로네스
|es   = Cícones
|fr   = Cyron
|ru   = Киронес
|th   = Cyrones
|vi   = Cyrones
|de   = Cyrones
|id   = Cyrones
|pt   = Cyrones
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}