<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Diogena#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Weirdo
|image           = NPC Diogena.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Diogena''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud|npc_142_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504089001: Config/Level/Mission/5040890/Act/Act504089001.json-->
:'''Diogena:''' When we wish to rise, we look upward. Those who look down do so because they've already risen above.
:'''Diogena:''' ...Nothing important, just reflecting on the fallen. Avilius left to rescue his buddies &mdash; those {{Rubi|Thanatos|Death Titan}} worshipers, so I'm the only one here. That boy's as tough as they come, this chaos won't be his end.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} And what exactly are you doing here?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504089004-->
::'''Diogena:''' Contemplating. Tell me, have you ever wondered how many times "Era Nova" has already happened?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This isn't the first time?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Dozens of times?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Millions of times?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504089008-->
::'''Diogena:''' Perfect! You've fallen right into my trap.
::'''Diogena:''' Because my true answer is... countless times.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh, you mean...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504089012-->
::'''Diogena:''' What I'm saying is, if "Era Nova" can arrive without tremendous struggle, then perhaps it's simply an inherent part of our world's cycle.
::'''Diogena:''' It might arrive right on schedule, whether we actively fight for it or passively accept our fate. Of course, the difference in casualties would be enormous, so these paths aren't remotely comparable.
::'''Diogena:''' But I can't help but speculate &mdash; what if Amphoreus is fundamentally a world of cycles? In these endless turns, perhaps mortals eventually become Titans, Titans become mortals, and everyone experiences everyone else's journey.
::'''Diogena:''' And somewhere in this endless cycle, I might live as you, and you as me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504089017-->
:::'''Diogena:''' Ah, you're giving me the silent treatment &mdash; just like Mr. Lygus would.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's truly disturbing.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504089019-->
:::'''Diogena:''' Frightened by the possibility that Amphoreus has no future? It is terrifying... but perhaps we can transform that fear into a will to survive.
:::'''Diogena:''' Yes, the absence of future... is also a kind of motivation. For it also means there is no past weighing us down.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's actually pretty cool.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504089022-->
:::'''Diogena:''' Hehe, you and Avilius have the same reaction.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you believe in "Era Nova" yourself?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504089024-->
::'''Diogena:''' That depends on what you mean by "believe."
::'''Diogena:''' Are we guaranteed a better world and improved lives? Not necessarily.
::'''Diogena:''' Are the souls of Amphoreans immortal? Quite possibly.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Which reminds me of the "Golden Scapegoat"...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504089028-->
::'''Diogena:''' The ebony tide, leaving nameless water on the rocks. Pure water of truth, water of death &mdash; thus, it remains unnamed.
::'''Diogena:''' Those who don't drink this water will die of thirst in its midst. Those who drink will lose their very names.
::'''Diogena:''' In this water that mirrors no face, all the world's countenances reside.
::'''Diogena:''' ...It certainly feels like a metaphor for "Era Nova."
::'''Diogena:''' Didn't Mr. Lygus say as much? Those verses we uncovered... might be answers revealed before we understood the questions.
::'''Diogena:''' Which means it's both full of lies and full of truth.
::'''Diogena:''' I suppose we'll just have to wait and see.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Farewell.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504089036-->
::'''Diogena:''' Oh, farewell! Maybe when we next meet, we'll be strangers to each other.
::'''Diogena:''' Now that would certainly be interesting...
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Diogena
|zhs  = 第欧根娜
|zht  = 第歐根娜
|ja   = ディオゲナ
|ko   = 디오게나
|es   = Diógena
|fr   = Diogéna
|ru   = Диогена
|th   = Diogena
|vi   = Diogena
|de   = Diogena
|id   = Diogena
|pt   = Diogena
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}