<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Eacus#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Young Scribe
|image           = NPC Eacus.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Eacus''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud|npc_144_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504098001: Config/Level/Mission/5040980/Act/Act504098001.json-->
:'''Eacus:''' Hey, hero, I have a question for you &mdash; what do you plan to do in the new world?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The crisis is still here. No time to think about that.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504098003-->
::'''Eacus:''' Well... I may be overstepping, but the Fate Titans are ahead, and we should always look forward.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to be a dromas.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504098005-->
::'''Eacus:''' You actually made the same joke as my teacher... could this be some kind of metaphor only understood between the Chrysos Heirs?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} New world? What new world?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504098007-->
::'''Eacus:''' Good heavens, you're crazier than I am.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504098008-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504098008-->
:'''Eacus:''' When we get to the new world, the first thing I'm going to do is find Professor Anaxa and beg him to take me as his disciple again. If he agrees, I'll be a student of a Titan! Haha, finding a job after that would be smooth sailing!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You really don't seem to have a sense of crisis.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504098010-->
::'''Eacus:''' There's something you don't know. After Lady Goldweaver's incident, the Council of Elders has been heavily criticized, and even I've been pointed at. This job I have right now is just beyond my tolerance.
::'''Eacus:''' My mind kept thinking, "The world should end," and before I knew it, the sky turned dark...
::'''Eacus:''' ...Sorry, that joke was a bit out of place. I went through such a bad experience that all I think about now is stepping into the new world and reuniting with my family and friends.
::'''Eacus:''' ...
::'''Eacus:''' If anything, I must believe that the Era Nova is real and that everyone will step into the cycle, then act as if it's nothing. Otherwise, if I truly fall into doubt... I might not be able to carry on.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yay, I also want to meet some old friends.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504098016-->
::'''Eacus:''' Exactly! Haha, those of us here have already decided to welcome the new world with a smile. That way, we won't be mocked by those who left before us.
::'''Eacus:''' ...
::'''Eacus:''' Thank you, hero. I've heard that we owe our lives to you.
::'''Eacus:''' Maybe I'm being a busybody, but... if you can't hold on anymore, don't force yourself. We're always here if you need someone to talk to.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504098020-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504098020-->
:'''Eacus:''' Ah, I think you might have important matters to attend to. I won't take up more of your time. Please take care. We'll meet again in the new world!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Eacus
|zhs  = 埃阿科
|zht  = 埃阿科
|ja   = イアカス
|ko   = 에아쿠스
|es   = Éaco
|fr   = Éaque
|ru   = Эакус
|th   = Eacus
|vi   = Eacus
|de   = Eacus
|id   = Eacus
|pt   = Eacus
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}