<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Glykon#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Hero of the Arena
|image           = NPC Glykon.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Glykon''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud|npc_146_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504092001: Config/Level/Mission/5040920/Act/Act504092001.json-->
:'''Glykon:''' (Trailblazer), still hanging around? Don't tell me.... you're worried about me?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504092001_8-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504092001_8-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How are you feeling?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504092003-->
::'''Glykon:''' Physically, I'm much improved, and my spirits couldn't be higher!
::'''Glykon:''' Now that folks have heard my story, they see me in a new light. Hehe, some of their praise might be a bit over the top, but it still feels good.
::'''Glykon:''' Believe it or not, Krateros invited me to oversee defense operations here. What am I going to do with that fellow?
::'''Glykon:''' But I get it. With great power comes great responsibility, and the burden I must shoulder is truly tremendous!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About the battle we just had...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504092008-->
::'''Glykon:''' We have those two merchants to thank &mdash; without their sacrifice, the temple would have fallen.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} They had such convictions.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Regardless, they were too reckless.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think they just did it for the thrill...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504092012-->
::'''Glykon:''' Even if souls really do travel to the world after Era Nova, the fear and pain of death at that moment remain real.
::'''Glykon:''' Whatever their reasons, whatever their methods... sacrificing one's life to spare others from the torment of death is a noble deed.
::'''Glykon:''' I hope that after Era Nova, they truly rise to become the finest merchants in Okhema. When that happens, you absolutely must witness the grandeur of the Okeanas Games!
::'''Glykon:''' The merchants convene, and constantly warring city-states pause their conflicts. Streets and temple columns are adorned with flowers, people speaking different dialects pitch tents, praise each other's athletic bodies, and compete for laurel wreaths...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll take a front-row seat.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't forget to mention me in your speech.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504092018-->
::'''Glykon:''' Hehe... of course...
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} You should get some good rest.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504092020-->
::'''Glykon:''' *sigh* I need to heal fast. I can't just lie around forever &mdash; there are so many people counting on me to show up!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Glykon
|zhs  = 柯库翁
|zht  = 柯庫翁
|ja   = グリュコス
|ko   = 글리콘
|es   = Glycon
|fr   = Glycon
|ru   = Гликон
|th   = Glykon
|vi   = Glykon
|de   = Glykon
|id   = Glykon
|pt   = Glykon
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}