<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Kilik#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Lance Merchant
|image           = NPC Kilik.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Kilik''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud|npc_100_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500041718: Config/Level/Mission/5000417/Act/Act500041718.json-->
::'''Kilik:''' Ah, if it isn't (Trailblazer)! Are you here to visit us?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh, didn't you guys sacrifice yourselves?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The guard said that you've fallen into slumber.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500083504-->
:::'''Kelok:''' Mr. Guard meant to say, "quieten down, everyone, don't wake those two heroes from their sleep."
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500083505-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500083505-->
::'''Kilik:''' Haha, the atmosphere was so intense back then, it'll be awkward not to say something tragically stirring.
::'''Kelok:''' After that, Glykon called for a healer, all while in anguish. That made it even harder to say that our injuries weren't severe at all.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm glad you guys are okay.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's better to be more cautious next time.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Comedic relief characters tend to live longer.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500083510-->
::'''Kelok:''' The healer helped to dress our wounds and instructed us to get plenty of rest. I was cut by a blade twice in the arm, and I really hope that doesn't leave any lasting side effects. I still need it to move goods.
::'''Kilik:''' I took a blade to the knee... Will it affect how quickly I can escape the next time Mr. Guard chases after me for peddling?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you still thinking about selling your goods?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You have to adapt to your role as a hero.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500083514-->
::'''Kelok:''' Heheh, that's merely a trifle. It won't sway us.
::'''Kilik:''' After all, we're the men who will stand at the pinnacle of the Okhema marketplace together!
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500041719: Config/Level/Mission/5000417/Act/Act500041719.json-->
::'''Kilik:''' With that, we've made a name for ourselves as "the Strongest Lance" and "the Strongest Shield"! That'll surely boost our sales!
::'''Kelok:''' You're right!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Kilik
|zhs  = 克利克
|zht  = 克利克
|ja   = クリクス
|ko   = 킬릭
|es   = Kilik
|fr   = Kilik
|ru   = Килик
|th   = Kilik
|vi   = Kilik
|de   = Kilik
|id   = Kilik
|pt   = Kilik
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}