<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Krateros#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Kremnoan Veteran
|image           = NPC Krateros.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Krateros''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Lightless Chapel" Dawncloud|npc_143_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504090001: Config/Level/Mission/5040900/Act/Act504090001.json-->
:'''Krateros:''' Well, hello again, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer). You're looking rather spirited. What brings you here?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's good to see you survived.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504090003-->
::'''Krateros:''' Yes, I'm still here. Frankly, I was shocked, as were all of us whose lives hung by a thread thanks to Miss Hyacine's blessings of the sky.
::'''Krateros:''' We assumed that when Aquila fell, the sky's divinity would instantly fade, replaced by the calling of the River of Souls.
::'''Krateros:''' But it seems the sky's blessing hasn't left us. In fact, it feels... even warmer now.
::'''Krateros:''' This must be Miss Hyacine's farewell gift to the afflicted, bestowed from her new home in the sky.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How are things going right now?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504090008-->
::'''Krateros:''' Far from good. Dawncloud is crawling with black tide creatures, and our warriors are dying just to secure a few safe zones.
::'''Krateros:''' And with Lady Goldweaver gone, and the World Wound Web collapsed, information barely travels between battle fronts, creating considerable difficulties for our efforts.
:;(If {{Mission|Spear and Shield A-Clang|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:::'''Krateros:''' However, thanks to your help, the safe zones have expanded somewhat, giving us more breathing room. Still, we mustn't lower our guard until Amphoreus is reborn.
:;(If {{Mission|Spear and Shield A-Clang|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:::'''Krateros:''' For now, we can only take it one step at a time.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} And Mydei...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504090013-->
::'''Krateros:''' ...
::'''Krateros:''' The undying Mydeimos has fallen &mdash; Holy City Guards who witnessed his end have delivered this tragic news to me.
::'''Krateros:''' He did not rise again as he always had in the past, but instead fell silent like a majestic statue crumbling.
::'''Krateros:''' Please, cast aside your grief &mdash; Mydeimos would not want you to grieve.
::'''Krateros:''' The Kremnoan way is to settle all weakness, grief, and grudges on the battlefield.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Krateros
|zhs  = 克拉特鲁斯
|zht  = 克拉特魯斯
|ja   = ケラウトルス
|ko   = 크라테로스
|es   = Crátero
|fr   = Cratère
|ru   = Кратер
|th   = Krateros
|vi   = Krateros
|de   = Krateros
|id   = Krateros
|pt   = Krateros
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}