<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Arlan#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Arlan.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Supply Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Arlan''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Supply Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Supply Zone|npc_101_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Arlan:''' S&mdash;Stop saying that! Sorry, I don't mean to yell... But still, it's embarrassing to mention it in front of everyone!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500012001_41-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500012001_41-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} So you're the horse among eagles?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012026-->
::'''Arlan:''' They were just talking nonsense. I still have a long way to go to hone my combat skills.
::'''Arlan:''' Also... please don't tell Lady Asta about the horse thing. It's just ridiculous.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Guess the moral is "don't pick up just anything you find on the floor."
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012029-->
::'''Arlan:''' Yeah, I should've known better. I'll definitely use more reputable resources next time. I won't fall for roadside leaflets again.
::'''Arlan:''' Although I did hear that you like collecting those leaflets as well. Better be careful.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Did Madam Herta give you some attitude?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012032-->
::'''Arlan:''' ...I don't really want to talk about it. Madam Herta does things her own way. I'll say that much.
::'''Arlan:''' Lady Asta trusts her, so I don't have any reason to, uh, question why she's doing what she's doing.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Peppy sure is smart!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012035-->
::'''Arlan:''' Right? That's what people say! Peppy has a personality. He can sense other people's needs, too.
::'''Arlan:''' One time, it was late at night, and Lady Asta fell asleep on her desk after a day's hard work. Peppy came to me and led me to Lady Asta so that I could escort her back to her room.
::'''Arlan:''' Peppy saved the day again this time. Thanks to him, Lady Asta was able to work things out. I'll have to give him a treat.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} You know what? I'll stop making fun of you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012039-->
::'''Arlan:''' Huh? Was that what you were doing...?
::'''Arlan:''' Anyways, thanks for helping Lady Asta out. I hope you'll lend a hand again when she finds herself in difficult situations in the future. That said, the fewer the situations, the better...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_500012042)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012042-->
::'''Arlan:''' Thanks. Oh, and come find me anytime you have feedback for the Security Department.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200020118,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200020118,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:'''Arlan:''' Ah, you still remember. Well, Lady Asta is known to spend more than what she could bring home. Who knows what she would buy had she gotten the encryption key?
:'''Arlan:''' Thanks to your help last time, the trouble with the anonymous group chat has been resolved, and Lady Asta got to keep her secret. I've got to repay you sometime.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500012002_74-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500012002_74-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Let me pet Peppy!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012055-->
::'''Arlan:''' That can be arranged. Peppy gets along with people pretty well.
::'''Arlan:''' But Peppy has the final say in this. I have to respect his opinion.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Does the encryption key have a credit cap?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012058-->
::'''Arlan:''' I'm not sure. But so far Lady Asta has encountered no problems using it to make payments.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll have to think about it.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012060-->
::'''Arlan:''' Same. Take your time.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200020217-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200013303,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200013303,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:'''Arlan:''' I've got some replies from the researchers. Thanks for helping me with this round of Project Revival. Even Mrs. Hinkel has started to sing your praise!
:'''Arlan:''' Thank you so much. With your help, the operations on the space station will soon be back on track!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_200013301-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200010002,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200010001,
		"Param2": 3
	}
]
</pre>
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010001-->)
::'''Arlan:''' ...We must stay vigilant at all times if we are to prevent any potential disasters from getting out of hand...
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Started: 200010001-->)
::'''Arlan:''' Sorry, I was busy arranging work for my team. Didn't notice you were here.
::'''Arlan:''' Ask me anything. I'll do my best to help as per Lady Asta's request.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Arlan:''' Thanks. Oh, and come find me anytime you have feedback for the Security Department.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000123: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500002001.json-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010001-->)
::'''Arlan:''' ...We must stay vigilant at all times if we are to prevent any potential disasters from getting out of hand...
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Started: 200010001-->)
::'''Arlan:''' Sorry, I was busy arranging work for my team. Didn't notice you were here.
::'''Arlan:''' Ask me anything. I'll do my best to help as per Lady Asta's request.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Of the heart, of the mirror, of the self...
::'''Arlan:''' S&mdash;Stop saying that! Sorry, I don't mean to yell... But still, it's embarrassing to mention it in front of everyone!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500012001_41-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500012001_41-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} So you're the horse among eagles?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012026-->
:::'''Arlan:''' They were just talking nonsense. I still have a long way to go to hone my combat skills.
:::'''Arlan:''' Also... please don't tell Lady Asta about the horse thing. It's just ridiculous.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Guess the moral is "don't pick up just anything you find on the floor."
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012029-->
:::'''Arlan:''' Yeah, I should've known better. I'll definitely use more reputable resources next time. I won't fall for roadside leaflets again.
:::'''Arlan:''' Although I did hear that you like collecting those leaflets as well. Better be careful.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Did Madam Herta give you some attitude?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012032-->
:::'''Arlan:''' ...I don't really want to talk about it. Madam Herta does things her own way. I'll say that much.
:::'''Arlan:''' Lady Asta trusts her, so I don't have any reason to, uh, question why she's doing what she's doing.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Peppy sure is smart!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012035-->
:::'''Arlan:''' Right? That's what people say! Peppy has a personality. He can sense other people's needs, too.
:::'''Arlan:''' One time, it was late at night, and Lady Asta fell asleep on her desk after a day's hard work. Peppy came to me and led me to Lady Asta so that I could escort her back to her room.
:::'''Arlan:''' Peppy saved the day again this time. Thanks to him, Lady Asta was able to work things out. I'll have to give him a treat.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} You know what? I'll stop making fun of you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012039-->
:::'''Arlan:''' Huh? Was that what you were doing...?
:::'''Arlan:''' Anyways, thanks for helping Lady Asta out. I hope you'll lend a hand again when she finds herself in difficult situations in the future. That said, the fewer the situations, the better...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200020217-->)
:{{DIcon}} Any follow-ups on the encryption key incident?
::'''Arlan:''' Ah, you still remember. Well, Lady Asta is known to spend more than what she could bring home. Who knows what she would buy had she gotten the encryption key?
::'''Arlan:''' Thanks to your help last time, the trouble with the anonymous group chat has been resolved, and Lady Asta got to keep her secret. I've got to repay you sometime.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500012002_74-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500012002_74-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Let me pet Peppy!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012055-->
:::'''Arlan:''' That can be arranged. Peppy gets along with people pretty well.
:::'''Arlan:''' But Peppy has the final say in this. I have to respect his opinion.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Does the encryption key have a credit cap?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012058-->
:::'''Arlan:''' I'm not sure. But so far Lady Asta has encountered no problems using it to make payments.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll have to think about it.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012060-->
:::'''Arlan:''' Same. Take your time.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200020217-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200013303--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200020217-->)
:{{DIcon}} Looks like Project Revival has a long way to go...
::'''Arlan:''' I've got some replies from the researchers. Thanks for helping me with this round of Project Revival. Even Mrs. Hinkel has started to sing your praise!
::'''Arlan:''' Thank you so much. With your help, the operations on the space station will soon be back on track!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_200013301-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200013303--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200020217-->)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Fine, fine, I'll stop messing with you.
::'''Arlan:''' Thanks. Oh, and come find me anytime you have feedback for the Security Department.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_500012042)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012042-->
::'''Arlan:''' Thanks. Oh, and come find me anytime you have feedback for the Security Department.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Arlan
|zhs  = 阿兰
|zht  = 阿蘭
|ja   = アーラン
|ko   = 아를란
|es   = Arlan
|fr   = Arlan
|ru   = Арлан
|th   = Arlan
|vi   = Arlan
|de   = Arlan
|id   = Arlan
|pt   = Arlan
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}