<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Maintenance Engineer#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = A Man Who Wishes Not to Be Named
|image           = NPC Maintenance Engineer.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Supply Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Maintenance Engineer''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Supply Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Supply Zone|npc_11_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200030112,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200030112,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030112: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030112.json-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Sorry &mdash; huff puff &mdash; I'm sorry!
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Are you (Trailblazer)? Asta already gave me a heads up that you are going to come use the terminal.
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' I'm terribly sorry. The computer system in the next room suddenly initiated an auto-update. The researchers didn't have time to save their results. So I went to help them just now.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000306_198-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000306_198-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The terminal did not respond.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Prompted error code 505?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030610-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Ahh, I didn't connect the data to the terminal while I was away. Let me turn it on. It'll just take a second...
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' It's all set now! Please verify your identity again. And the results will come up when you input your query.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030112-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200030205,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200030205,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030205: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030205.json-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' What's wrong?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000307_217-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000307_217-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I only found one record.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030703-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Good... Oh, you mean you couldn't find the others?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Insufficient computing power. Try again later?"
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030705-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Oh, that's normal. The terminal is not broken. It's nothing to worry about.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030706-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030706-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Although, it won't be operational until tomorrow.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000307_224-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000307_224-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030708-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Because the station was invaded. Originally, we had more than one terminal, connecting units on a much larger scale.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030709-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030709-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' During that debacle, some units were damaged. The computing power of the terminal was thus greatly decreased, not to mention it's only running on a single-core processor right now...
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' The lead researcher said she was going to purchase new equipment. But it hasn't arrived yet. Therefore, with the current computing power, you can only query once a day.
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' And the current identity verification program has to be activated manually by me every day, so... please {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|come back tomorrow}}. Don't forget to ask me to turn on the verification.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030205-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200030301,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200030301,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030301: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030301.json-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Here you are!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000308_237-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000308_237-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please turn on the terminal for me.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030803-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Yup, here you go! The optical identity verification program has been set up. The terminal has sufficient computing power. Please feel free to use it.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030301-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200030306,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200030306,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030306: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030306.json-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' What? Is it broken again?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000309_252-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000309_252-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It kept asking me to refresh...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030903-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' It seems to be some compatibility issues...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Broken "again?"
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030905-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Well, it sometimes breaks down during maintenance.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030906-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030906-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Oh no! This is caused by the old units I installed into the terminal today. They looked good to me at the time and I thought they could boost the terminal's computing power.
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Looks like we'll have to wait until the replacement units are delivered.
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Sorry, please give me some time. Let me remove these units. I assure you the existing computing power won't be affected.
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' However, I'm afraid you'll have to {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|come back tomorrow}}. I'm sure by tomorrow there will have been sufficient computing power!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030306-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200030401,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200030401,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030401: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030401.json-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' We've got enough computing power today. I've reported it to the lead researcher. She said she expects you to get this done today.
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Please let me know when you are done. I'll need to reinforce the terminal's security system.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000310_269-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000310_269-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure. Please turn on the terminal for me.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031004-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' The optical identity verification program is all set. The terminal has sufficient computing power. Please help yourself!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030401-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200030404,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200030404,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030404: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030404.json-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Are you done?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000310_279-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000310_279-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, I think I got the result.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031012-->
:'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Okay. According to the space station data center's regulations, your query access will be terminated as soon as you leave the terminal room. Thank you for your cooperation.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030404-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200030112
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200030205
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200030301
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200030306
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200030401
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200030404
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030112-->)
:{{DIcon}} Sensitive Beings (I)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030112: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030112.json-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Sorry &mdash; huff puff &mdash; I'm sorry!
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Are you (Trailblazer)? Asta already gave me a heads up that you are going to come use the terminal.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' I'm terribly sorry. The computer system in the next room suddenly initiated an auto-update. The researchers didn't have time to save their results. So I went to help them just now.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000306_198-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000306_198-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The terminal did not respond.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Prompted error code 505?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030610-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Ahh, I didn't connect the data to the terminal while I was away. Let me turn it on. It'll just take a second...
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' It's all set now! Please verify your identity again. And the results will come up when you input your query.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030112-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030205--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030112-->)
:{{DIcon}} Sensitive Beings (I)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030205: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030205.json-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' What's wrong?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000307_217-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000307_217-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I only found one record.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030703-->
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Good... Oh, you mean you couldn't find the others?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Insufficient computing power. Try again later?"
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030705-->
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Oh, that's normal. The terminal is not broken. It's nothing to worry about.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030706-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030706-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Although, it won't be operational until tomorrow.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000307_224-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000307_224-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030708-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Because the station was invaded. Originally, we had more than one terminal, connecting units on a much larger scale.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030709-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030709-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' During that debacle, some units were damaged. The computing power of the terminal was thus greatly decreased, not to mention it's only running on a single-core processor right now...
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' The lead researcher said she was going to purchase new equipment. But it hasn't arrived yet. Therefore, with the current computing power, you can only query once a day.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' And the current identity verification program has to be activated manually by me every day, so... please {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|come back tomorrow}}. Don't forget to ask me to turn on the verification.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030205-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030205-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030112-->)
:{{DIcon}} Sensitive Beings (I)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030301: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030301.json-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Here you are!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000308_237-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000308_237-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please turn on the terminal for me.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030803-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Yup, here you go! The optical identity verification program has been set up. The terminal has sufficient computing power. Please feel free to use it.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030301-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030306-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030205-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030112-->)
:{{DIcon}} Sensitive Beings (I)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030306: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030306.json-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' What? Is it broken again?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000309_252-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000309_252-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It kept asking me to refresh...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030903-->
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' It seems to be some compatibility issues...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Broken "again?"
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030905-->
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Well, it sometimes breaks down during maintenance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030906-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030906-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Oh no! This is caused by the old units I installed into the terminal today. They looked good to me at the time and I thought they could boost the terminal's computing power.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Looks like we'll have to wait until the replacement units are delivered.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Sorry, please give me some time. Let me remove these units. I assure you the existing computing power won't be affected.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' However, I'm afraid you'll have to {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|come back tomorrow}}. I'm sure by tomorrow there will have been sufficient computing power!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030306-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030401-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030306-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030205-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030112-->)
:{{DIcon}} Sensitive Beings (I)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030401: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030401.json-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' We've got enough computing power today. I've reported it to the lead researcher. She said she expects you to get this done today.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Please let me know when you are done. I'll need to reinforce the terminal's security system.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000310_269-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000310_269-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure. Please turn on the terminal for me.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031004-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' The optical identity verification program is all set. The terminal has sufficient computing power. Please help yourself!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030401-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030404-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030401-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030306-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030205-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030112-->)
:{{DIcon}} Sensitive Beings (I)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030404: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030404.json-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Are you done?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000310_279-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000310_279-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, I think I got the result.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031012-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Okay. According to the space station data center's regulations, your query access will be terminated as soon as you leave the terminal room. Thank you for your cooperation.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030404-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Maintenance Engineer
|zhs  = 维修工程师
|zht  = 維修工程師
|ja   = メンテナンスエンジニア
|ko   = 수리 엔지니어
|es   = Ingeniero de mantenimiento
|fr   = Ingénieur de maintenance
|ru   = Инженер по техническому обслуживанию
|th   = วิศวกรซ่อมบำรุง
|vi   = Kỹ Sư Sửa Chữa
|de   = Wartungstechniker
|id   = Insinyur Pemeliharaan
|pt   = Engenheiro de Manutenção
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}