<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Micah#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Gravekeeper
|image           = NPC Micah.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Dreamflux Reef
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Micah''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Dreamflux Reef]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Dreamflux Reef|npc_129_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503074001: Config/Level/Mission/5030740/Act/Act503074001.json-->
::'''Micah:''' Hello, Nameless.
::'''Micah:''' Welcome to the Dreamflux Reef. As you can see, this is the Dreamscape's original form... No wild celebrations nor parties, just a bundle of chaotic memoria, and a resistance force battling ardently within nightmares.
::'''Micah:''' You're welcome to join the Watchmaker's cause, (Trailblazer). I'd be honored. If Mikhail were still around, I'm sure he would feel the same.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Were you also a Nameless once?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503074005-->
:::'''Micah:''' I've encountered many Nameless, even becoming friends with them... But no, I'm not one of them.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Life here must be hard.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503074007-->
:::'''Micah:''' I'm afraid nothing in this world is easy. But that just builds character &mdash; we'll always find a way to adapt to our surroundings, and live on in turn.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_503074008-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503074008-->
::'''Micah:''' Since my adolescent days, I've always dreamed of boarding the Astral Express and becoming an advocate of the Trailblaze.
::'''Micah:''' Mikhail told me of his many adventures. Razalina taught me how to read the astral charts. Tiernan taught me how to use weapons to protect myself.
::'''Micah:''' Through conversations with them, my mind gradually pieced together the entire cartography of the stars, even if I had never left Asdana since the day I was born.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you still wish to take a look outside?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503074012-->
:::'''Micah:''' There's never been a moment where I haven't.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I sense a tinge of regret in your words.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503074014-->
:::'''Micah:''' A great regret.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_503074015-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503074015-->
::'''Micah:''' But I'm not depressed anymore. In contrast, from the crevices of regret, I've seen some flowers and other beautiful things grow.
::'''Micah:''' I've found my own calling: Protect this dream, and guide those who've stumbled into it to find themselves again. For the present me, even if I'm destined not to realize my ideals, it can still become the motivation to drive myself to live life earnestly, and to move forward.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Destined not to realize my ideals," that means...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503074018-->
::'''Micah:''' If we were to calculate using real-time... I'm already very old, (Trailblazer).
::'''Micah:''' I'm afraid my flesh is already long gone. The image I portray before you now is probably no different from the Micah who first entered the Dreamscape.
::'''Micah:''' I've been standing guard in this endless Dreamscape, waiting for someone to return the Watchmaker's echo, to inherit his wish.
::'''Micah:''' After meeting you all, I felt especially... peaceful. Compared to that unfulfilled ideal of mine, your arrival is more akin to a promise that will eventually be realized.
::'''Micah:''' It is just as he said before: "Hope and dreams will not vanish. They'll just be lost momentarily. Bear with it! They will surely find their way home."
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503074002: Config/Level/Mission/5030740/Act/Act503074002.json-->
::'''Micah:''' Hello, Nameless. I hope life at the Dreamflux Reef hasn't been too jarring for you.
::'''Micah:''' Seek me out if you run into any difficulties. I will provide help any way I can.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Clockwork}} Activate Clockwork
::You try to use Clockwork to touch Micah's heart...
::...But his Emo Dial does not appear before you.
::Standing before you is a resolute individual, one who does not rely on others to guide his feelings.
::Even if everyone's lives were offered to this shattered dream, his spirit would remain intact, unwavering even in the slightest.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon}} Micah, I want to chat with you.
::'''Micah:''' Anytime, anywhere, friend.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END2-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END2-->
::{{DIcon}} Tell me of your experiences.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503074053-->
:::'''Micah:''' I was born when Penacony was still a prison. My biological parents were once descendants of interstellar criminals during Asdana's memoria harvesting period.
:::'''Micah:''' My memories of them are hazy. In that war against our oppressors, many children like me lost our kin and friends.
:::'''Micah:''' I was lucky, because I met Mikhail. He rescued me from the smoke and ashes of war, and raised me as one of his own. To me, he was my real father.
:::'''Micah:''' Mikhail, Razalina, Tiernan... I grew up under their protection, became a combat pilot, and joined the fight to liberate Asdana. I fought alongside them, shedding blood and tears that symbolized liberty.
:::'''Micah:''' The day he decided to leave Penacony and head for the interstellar frontier, Mikhail entrusted the Dreamscape to me. But he left for too long... far too long. Penacony was once again plunged into chaos, with the ensuing situation spun beyond my control.
:::'''Micah:''' I'm sure you know what happened after. All my life, I followed in my father's footsteps &mdash; his dream was mine. He may be gone, but the Watchmaker's legend has always been passed down on Penacony.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon}} I wish to learn more about the Dreamflux Reef.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503074060-->
:::'''Micah:''' The Nameless helped the indigenous Asdanans establish the first Dreamscape city, a perfect shelter existing within memoria.
:::'''Micah:''' But during the period when Mikhail left, civil strife broke out among Penacony's Families, causing much destructive damage to the Dreamscape.
:::'''Micah:''' After The Family established the Planet of Festivities, the chaotic Primordial Dreamscape was left unchecked. It wasn't until Mikhail ripped off The Family's faux-benevolent mask, that just a handful of people realized that sinister motives lurked beneath that ostentatious representation.
:::'''Micah:''' After that, Gallagher used Enigmata's power to once again activate this soaring Dreamscape unfettered by The Family's shackles &mdash; this is the origin of Dreamflux Reef.
:::'''Micah:''' With the Dreamflux Reef as our stronghold, Gallagher and I gave everything to guide the people who came here to realize the truth behind The Family's dream.
:::'''Micah:''' But we never forced anyone to stay. We only hoped to gather enough like-minded comrades to join in the resistance against this false dream.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon}} Can you talk about your father?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503074067-->
:::'''Micah:''' Mikhail... My father was not perfect, but he burned bright his entire life.
:::'''Micah:''' His ideals were always close to his heart. He never lost hope, even on the darkest days. He had too many things he could not do... but that never stopped his pursuit of freedom, not from fear of failure. Neither did he hesitate to lend a helping hand to those in need.
:::'''Micah:''' I've never seen that great Akivili that he spoke of. But in my heart, Mikhail Char Legwork was a symbol of the Trailblaze.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I would like to stop here.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503074071-->
:::'''Micah:''' May you be safe in your dreams, (Trailblazer).
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll leave you to it.
::'''Micah:''' May you be safe in your dreams, (Trailblazer).
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Micah
|zhs  = 米凯
|zht  = 米凱
|ja   = ミカ
|ko   = 미카
|es   = Micah
|fr   = Micah
|ru   = Михей
|th   = Micah
|vi   = Micah
|de   = Micah
|id   = Micah
|pt   = Micah
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}