<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Baroumbrella#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = "Mushroom"
|image           = NPC Baroumbrella.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Exalting Sanctum
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Baroumbrella''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Exalting Sanctum]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Exalting Sanctum|npc_43_400012}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502018101: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G43/Act/Act_502018101.json-->
::{{A|VO vo ambient w2 greeting yqsan 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w2 greeting yqsan 102.ogg}} '''Baroumbrella:''' ...
::'''Baroumbrella:''' ...
::'''Baroumbrella:''' Hello.
::'''Baroumbrella:''' Could you please move over a tad?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who's talking?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018106-->
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' It's me.
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' Do you also think mushrooms shouldn't talk?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can... but why?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018109-->
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' Because I'm a sunbathing mushroom.
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' But you blocked off the light.
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' Do you also think mushrooms shouldn't sunbathe?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502018112-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018112-->
::'''Baroumbrella:''' Oh, I'm so sad.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I didn't mean to offend...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018114-->
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' That's alright.
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' Nobody cares about how a mushroom feels.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But you're an umbrella.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018117-->
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' That's what everyone says.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502018118-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018118-->
::'''Baroumbrella:''' People say I'm an "Artisanship Commission's Civil Maintenance Unit Type-A."
::'''Baroumbrella:''' But I'm a mushroom.
::'''Baroumbrella:''' Oh, now I feel even sadder.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502018102: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G43/Act/Act_502018102.json-->
::'''Baroumbrella:''' ...
::'''Baroumbrella:''' ...
::'''Baroumbrella:''' Do you often talk to mushrooms?
::'''Baroumbrella:''' Oh, I'm so sad.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202090102--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 202090102 has been seen-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Excuse me, are you a mushroom that can write poetry?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202090102: Config/Level/Mission/2020901/Act/Act202090102.json-->
::'''Baroumbrella:''' You are asking a mushroom whether it can write poetry.
::'''Baroumbrella:''' How do you think the mushroom will respond?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "I can't write poetry."
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202021404-->
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' That's right.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "I'm just a mushroom."
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202021406-->
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' That's right.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "I can write poetry. I'm the best at writing poetry!"
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202021408-->
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' ...
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' Have you really seen this kind of mushroom before?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202021410-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202021410-->
::'''Gloomy Poet:''' Oh, I feel true pity for this bias of yours that's exclusive to primates belonging to the family hominid and genus homo.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202090102-->
;(If {{Mission|Wood Sprouts Anew, Fate Tilts Askew|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{cx}}<!--performance 502018201 has been seen-->, and {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} The Ambrosial Arbor is growing again...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502018201: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G52/Act502018201.json-->
::'''Baroumbrella:''' No.
::'''Baroumbrella:''' It's probably because I'm just a mushroom.
::'''Baroumbrella:''' Mushrooms only care about the ground and not things way up at that kind of altitude.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502018201-->
;(If {{Mission|Poetic Genius Ingenium|showChapter=0}} has been completed and {{cx}}<!--performance 202090147 has been seen--> and {{Mission|Wood Sprouts Anew, Fate Tilts Askew|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{cx}}<!--performance 502018201 has been seen-->, and {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:{{DIcon}} Why are you a mushroom again?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202090147: Config/Level/Mission/2020901/Act/Act202090147.json-->
::'''Gloomy Poet:''' I've always been a mushroom.
::'''Gloomy Poet:''' ... Fine, let me explain.
::'''Gloomy Poet:''' After thinking about it, I think I am more suited for gloominess. Originally, I just wanted Master Cong to format me and be done with everything. But... the experiences I had with you all were also very precious, so I decided not to.
::'''Gloomy Poet:''' Now, just treat me as a stranger mushroom, and let that be the mutual understanding between us.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202090147-->
;(If {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{Mission|Poetic Genius Ingenium|showChapter=0}} has been completed and {{cx}}<!--performance 202090147 has been seen-->, and {{Mission|Wood Sprouts Anew, Fate Tilts Askew|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{cx}}<!--performance 502018201 has been seen-->, and {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you heard that the Ambrosial Arbor has stopped sprouting?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502018104: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502018104.json-->
::'''Baroumbrella:''' No.
::'''Baroumbrella:''' I've not heard about it and do not care.
::'''Baroumbrella:''' I just want to start spinning like a little tornado.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502018104-->
;(If {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{Mission|Poetic Genius Ingenium|showChapter=0}} has been completed and {{cx}}<!--performance 202090147 has been seen-->, and {{Mission|Wood Sprouts Anew, Fate Tilts Askew|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{cx}}<!--performance 502018201 has been seen-->, and {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:{{DIcon}} I'm curious...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502018103: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G43/Act/Act_502018103.json-->
::'''Baroumbrella:''' I'll tell you everything I know.
::'''Baroumbrella:''' Even though I'm just a mushroom.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502018101_38-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502018101_38-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What the heck are you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018125-->
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' I'd call myself a mushroom.
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' What would you say I am?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fine then. You're a mushroom.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018128-->
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' Really?
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' But you sound reluctant.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502018137-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018137-->
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' Oh, I'm so sad.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You still look like an umbrella to me...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018131-->
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' Of course, Mushrooms are shaped like an umbrella.
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' I think you're a little biased against mushrooms.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502018137-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018137-->
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' Oh, I'm so sad.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Could you actually be a robot?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018134-->
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' Possible.
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' Maybe I'm a robot mushroom.
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' Then wouldn't that mean I'm not pure-blooded?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502018137-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018137-->
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' Oh, I'm so sad.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why are you here?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018139-->
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' Because I'm a failure of a mushroom.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How did you fail?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But you're a mushroom...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018142-->
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' Do you also think mushrooms shouldn't fail?
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' Ugh, I'm used to it.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502018144-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018144-->
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' Actually, I used to have a master.
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' He was a skilled craftsman at the Artisanship Commission.
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' My master wants me to help him write poetry.
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' I said, "but I'm just a mushroom."
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} And so you failed.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018149-->
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' Yes.
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' I'm just a mushroom who can't write poems.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502018157-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018157-->
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' Oh, I'm so sad.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Isn't that poetry?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018152-->
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' What is poetry?
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' I don't understand the first thing about it.
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' Because I'm a mushroom.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502018157-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018157-->
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' Oh, I'm so sad.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sadness overwhelms you...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018156-->
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' You've learned how to give quick answers.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502018157-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018157-->
::::'''Baroumbrella:''' Oh, I'm so sad.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502018159-->
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' May your path be filled with many mushrooms.
:::'''Baroumbrella:''' Bye.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502018103-->
;(If {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{Mission|Poetic Genius Ingenium|showChapter=0}} has been completed and {{cx}}<!--performance 202090147 has been seen-->, and {{Mission|Wood Sprouts Anew, Fate Tilts Askew|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{cx}}<!--performance 502018201 has been seen-->, and {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} So long, mushroom.
::'''Baroumbrella:''' May your path be filled with many mushrooms.
::'''Baroumbrella:''' Bye.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Baroumbrella
|zhs  = 阴晴伞
|zht  = 陰晴傘
|ja   = 晴雲傘
|ko   = 변덕 우산
|es   = Detesol
|fr   = Barombrelle
|ru   = Фунгизонтик
|th   = Baroumbrella
|vi   = Ô Nắng Mưa
|de   = Baroumbrella
|id   = Baroumbrella
|pt   = Chuvismelo
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}