<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dan Shu#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Dan Shu.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Exalting Sanctum
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Dan Shu''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Exalting Sanctum]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Exalting Sanctum|npc_56_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202010325-->)
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 202010312-->)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202010326: Config/Level/Mission/2020103/Act/Act202010326.json-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 111 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 111 f.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' It has been a while, (Trailblazer).
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 202010312-->)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202010325: Config/Level/Mission/2020103/Act/Act202010325.json-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 101 f.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' I've been looking forward to meeting you... (Trailblazer).
::;(All choices lead to the following options)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160402-->
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 105.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Thank you.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will you be able to remember it all?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160404-->
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 106.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Don't worry, I've trained myself to remember everything I hear.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202160405-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160405-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 107.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Hmm... A strange and dangerous prescription, but I believe I understand the pharmacology... It involves drawing upon the strength of Long's Scions to attain the power of... ascension.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 108.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' The specifics, however, will require further investigation. This will take some time...
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 109.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' ...I could hardly happen upon Vidyadhara bone marrow and test the prescription myself, could I?
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 110.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Leave your contact details with me. When I've completed my assessment of the pharmacology, I'll get in touch with you.
:::----
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 102.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' You have a very distinct scent. Losing one sense forces the other senses to become sharper.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202160400-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160400-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 104.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' I heard from other alchemists you have a prescription you wish me to assess... can you read it to me?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160402-->
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 105.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Thank you.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will you be able to remember it all?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160404-->
::::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 106.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Don't worry, I've trained myself to remember everything I hear.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202160405-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160405-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 107.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Hmm... A strange and dangerous prescription, but I believe I understand the pharmacology... It involves drawing upon the strength of Long's Scions to attain the power of... ascension.
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 108.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' The specifics, however, will require further investigation. This will take some time...
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 109.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' ...I could hardly happen upon Vidyadhara bone marrow and test the prescription myself, could I?
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 110.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Leave your contact details with me. When I've completed my assessment of the pharmacology, I'll get in touch with you.
:::----
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:;(All choices lead to the following options)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How do you know it's me?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160397-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 102.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' You have a very distinct scent. Losing one sense forces the other senses to become sharper.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You know me?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160399-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 103.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Everyone does &mdash; you're the hero who rescued the Vidyadhara Healer Lady in Exalting Sanctum.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202160400-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160400-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 104.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' I heard from other alchemists you have a prescription you wish me to assess... can you read it to me?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160402-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 105.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Thank you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will you be able to remember it all?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160404-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 106.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Don't worry, I've trained myself to remember everything I hear.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202160405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160405-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 107.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Hmm... A strange and dangerous prescription, but I believe I understand the pharmacology... It involves drawing upon the strength of Long's Scions to attain the power of... ascension.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 108.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' The specifics, however, will require further investigation. This will take some time...
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 109.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' ...I could hardly happen upon Vidyadhara bone marrow and test the prescription myself, could I?
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 110.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Leave your contact details with me. When I've completed my assessment of the pharmacology, I'll get in touch with you.
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202010402-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202010402: Config/Level/Mission/2020104/Act/Act202010402.json-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 101.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Ah, you're back. From the sound of your stride, I sense you're in good spirits.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've got that right.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_2022240015-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 102.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Many who undertake the far-reaching journey to the Xianzhou are weighed down by a heavy heart and exhaustion... but your steps are bold and steady - a stride worthy of a Nameless.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can tell just by listening?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_2022240017-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 103.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' A persons's footfall reveals a lot about their strength and emotions &mdash; much like how a person's breath may serve as an indication of their overall health.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your ears are really sharp!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_2022240019-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 104.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' I wouldn't be envious. This is not an innate ability &mdash; merely compensation for my visual impairment. Ultimately, nothing I hear or smell can match the vividness of the colors that you perceive.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_2022240020-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_2022240020-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 105.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Let's get down to business... I analyzed the prescription you procured: The Draught of Draconic Surge. Now that I have a preliminary conclusion, it needs to be delivered to the Seat of Divine Foresight.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is the conclusion?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_2022240022-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 106.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' The conclusion... Put simply, I don't believe that the Draught of Draconic Surge holds the cure to the mara. Even in the foreseeable future, there will likely not be any such cure.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 107.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' I've compiled the details into a written analysis. If you're interested, feel free to take a look.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 108.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' This is a copy of "Pharmacological Studies on the Draught of Draconic Surge." If the chief counselor wants to see it urgently, I'll have to ask you to deliver it for me.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202010402-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 202010402-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202010450: Config/Level/Mission/2020104/Act/Act202010450.json-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 109.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Need something else? Isn't the Seat of Divine Foresight anxious to learn about the prescription?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 202010325-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202010327: Config/Level/Mission/2020103/Act/Act202010327.json-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 danshu 121.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' The pharmacology of this Draught of Draconic Surge is peculiar. I'll need time to run a thorough analysis. When I have a conclusive answer, I'll contact you immediately.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Otherwise)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202010450: Config/Level/Mission/2020104/Act/Act202010450.json-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc2 danshu 109.ogg}} '''Dan Shu:''' Need something else? Isn't the Seat of Divine Foresight anxious to learn about the prescription?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Dan Shu
|zhs  = 丹枢
|zht  = 丹樞
|ja   = 丹枢
|ko   = 단우
|es   = Dan Shu
|fr   = Dan&nbsp;Shu
|ru   = Дань Шу
|th   = Dan Shu
|vi   = Dan Shu
|de   = Dan Shu
|id   = Dan Shu
|pt   = Dan Shu
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}