<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Gongyu#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Folk Musician
|image           = NPC Gongyu.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Exalting Sanctum
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Gongyu''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Exalting Sanctum]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Exalting Sanctum|npc_119_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502068101: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502068101.json-->
::'''Gongyu:''' ...Good day. Do you have something for me?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That was an impressive performance.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068104-->
:::'''Gongyu:''' It's an honor for a minstrel to be appreciated by her audience.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Could you tell me how I should tip you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068106-->
:::'''Gongyu:''' Oh, I'm just performing for charity, so tips will be unnecessary. Your willingness to stop and listen to my performance is more than enough for me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Such noise is really a nuisance.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068108-->
:::'''Gongyu:''' Oh... is that so...? I'm so sorry about that.
:::'''Gongyu:''' All the other audience are immersed in my music. I didn't expect it to distract you so much...
:::'''Gongyu:''' Looks like I still need to hone my performance skills. Please, do come back next time.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502068111-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068111-->
::'''Gongyu:''' ...May I ask you a question? Did my performance soothe your mind?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, I've found my inner peace.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068113-->
:::'''Gongyu:''' Glad to know that.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No, I'm still feeling anxious.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068115-->
:::'''Gongyu:''' ...It seems music is not the remedy for all troubled souls.
:::'''Gongyu:''' If only my performance could calm you down, even if just a little...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502068117-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068117-->
::'''Gongyu:''' I've been thinking about what I should do since the disaster at the Ambrosial Arbor... but I don't know how to maintain order or treat the wounded... All I can do is play my instruments.
::'''Gongyu:''' A short-life species friend once told me that my music had soothed her soul. So I thought, perhaps I should do whatever I could? In the end, I decided to perform in public, hoping that my performance would also soothe the souls of those in distress.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502068301: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502068301.json-->
::'''Gongyu:''' Hello again. I hope my music will soothe your mind.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Can we have another casual chat?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502068201: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502068201.json-->
::'''Gongyu:''' Of course. What would you like to know?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502068201_39-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502068201_39-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What is this instrument?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068204-->
:::'''Gongyu:''' This is an ancient musical instrument called "chimes," which existed even as early as when this Xianzhou ship began its voyage.
:::'''Gongyu:''' In ancient times, chime sets had towering frames resembling high walls, and playing complex music would require multiple minstrels... But they've been improved over time, and now I can play them alone in Exalting Sanctum.
:::'''Gongyu:''' Although their appearance has changed dramatically, the principle remains the same. Smaller-sized chimes have a higher pitch, while larger-sized ones have a lower pitch. In addition, when struck in different ways, these chimes can produce different tones...
:::'''Gongyu:''' Oh, please forgive me for overwhelming you with my own interest. But don't worry about those technical details, because music is meant to be heard, not analyzed.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you been performing all the time?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068209-->
:::'''Gongyu:''' No... I've never performed in public in the past... I know I'm not a skilled minstrel, so it takes me a lot of time to pluck up the courage to perform in public.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fret not, you are indeed a skilled minstrel.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068211-->
::::'''Gongyu:''' Oh, is that so? Thank you so much for your compliment.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502068214-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068214-->
::::'''Gongyu:''' I've been practicing chimes for about fifty years, and now I'm just starting to get the hang of it.
::::'''Gongyu:''' Sometimes I can't help but wonder, even for us long-life species, do we really have enough time to achieve our goals in our artistic pursuits?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's true. Your performance skills still have much room for improvement.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068213-->
::::'''Gongyu:''' ...That's what I thought, too. So, if I continue to perform in public like this, I will be able to improve my skills.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502068214-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068214-->
::::'''Gongyu:''' I've been practicing chimes for about fifty years, and now I'm just starting to get the hang of it.
::::'''Gongyu:''' Sometimes I can't help but wonder, even for us long-life species, do we really have enough time to achieve our goals in our artistic pursuits?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I won't bother you any further. Keep on playing.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502068217-->
:::'''Gongyu:''' Take your time, and listen.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502068201-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I won't bother you any further. Keep on playing.
::'''Gongyu:''' Take your time, and listen.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Gongyu
|zhs  = 宫羽
|zht  = 宮羽
|ja   = 宮羽
|ko   = 궁우
|es   = Gongyu
|fr   = Gongyu
|ru   = Гунъюй
|th   = Gongyu
|vi   = Gongyu
|de   = Gongyu
|id   = Gongyu
|pt   = Gongyu
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}