<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Serval's Fanatic Fan#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Serval's Fanatic Fan.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Jarilo-VI
|location        = Administrative District
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Serval's Fanatic Fan''' is an NPC on [[Jarilo-VI]], located in [[Administrative District]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Administrative District|npc_173_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404012601-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404012601: Config/Level/Mission/4040126/Act/Act404012601.json-->
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Lady Serval... My Lady Serval...
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' ...
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' {{Size|36|...Who are you!?}}
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Ah! I know...
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' You are a loyal servant of Lady Serval. You've come to admire her radiant beauty, right?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's true. I am her fan.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012533-->
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Ah! I never imagined to meet another fan here...
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' ...especially someone like me who enjoys climbing onto the workshop window to see Lady Serval's beautiful face up close all day long without any obstructions!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm a Silvermane Guard, responding to a report.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012536-->
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' N&mdash;No way. You aren't even in uniform! I've never seen a Silvermane Guard who walks around during the day in weird clothes.
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' You must be a fan just like me...
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' ...someone like me who enjoys climbing onto the workshop window to see Lady Serval's beautiful face up close all day long without any obstructions!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404012539-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012539-->
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' So... You strike me as a bold person. Can I ask you for a favor?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Umm. I think you've got the wrong impression...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012541-->
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Wrong impression? There are no wrong impressions between the fans of Lady Serval!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How can you tell?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012543-->
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Fans who enjoy Lady Serval all have pretty good discernment!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're not about to ask me to go take her picture, are you...?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012545-->
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' You're so smart! Just what I'd expect from a fellow fan of Lady Serval!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404012546-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012546-->
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' In fact... I was just about to ask if you could help take a picture of Lady Serval!
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Is that alright?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leave it to me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012549-->
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' My goodness! You really are a good person!
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' So... I'll leave that to your capable hands!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This goes against public order and common decency...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012552-->
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' My goodness! You really are a good person!
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Don't worry! Taking a picture of Lady Serval is just another form of Preservation!
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' ...Probably! Please handle this for me!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404012555-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012555-->
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Should I help her?)
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Or maybe... go and tell Serval?)
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404012601-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404012607-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404012604: Config/Level/Mission/4040126/Act/Act404012604.json-->
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' You... Y&mdash;You...
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' You took Lady Serval's... picture!?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Here you go.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012634-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 404012605-->)
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Ah...
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Ah...
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' {{Size|36|Ah! The face!}}
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' {{Size|36|Ah! The nose!}}
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' {{Size|36|Ah! The eyes!}}
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Lady Serval truly is... just too perfect! She's as beautiful as the Supreme Guardian...
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' I'm so lucky to be alive now! I've had the opportunity to see something so perfect!
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Save me! I think... Lady Serval has caused my heart to skip several beats... I want to hang Lady Serval's picture on my headboard... That way I can see her every day!
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Until we meet again, my fellow fan! I need to go and recover... I hope that the next time we meet...
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' {{Size|36|We all can have a new picture of Lady Serval!}}
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 404012605-->)
:::The girl in front of you takes a breath of air in an exaggerated pose.
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Hurry... Hurry up and show me!
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Huh? Where is my beloved Lady Serval?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I didn't get her in the picture.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012638-->
::::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Oh... What a shame.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Only a smart fan can see her.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012640-->
::::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Oh... Then it must be because I'm not smart enough.
::::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' I'm not worthy of Lady Serval's genius!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404012642-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012642-->
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' But... that's OK! I can keep seeing her up close like this. Lady Serval, she's as beautiful as a flower...
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Until we meet again, my fellow fan! I hope that the next time we meet...
:::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' {{Size|36|We all can have a picture of Lady Serval!}}
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404012607-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 404012607-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404012606: Config/Level/Mission/4040126/Act/Act404012606.json-->
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' Ah... She is truly beautiful...
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' My Lady Serval...!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Otherwise)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404012605: Config/Level/Mission/4040126/Act/Act404012605.json-->
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' You... Y&mdash;You...
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' You took Lady Serval's... picture!?
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Not yet.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012656-->
::'''Serval's Fanatic Fan:''' So... I'll leave that to your capable hands!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}