<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Serval#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Serval.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Jarilo-VI
|location        = Neverwinter Workshop
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Serval''' is an NPC on [[Jarilo-VI]], located in [[Neverwinter Workshop]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Neverwinter Workshop|npc_5_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 301140302,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 301140302,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_301140302_01-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201130201,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201130201,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceD 201130201: Config/Level/Mission/2011302/Act/Act201130201.json-->
----
:<!--0.3-second delay-->
:'''Serval:''' Look, they are back.
:'''Molly:''' Hey? You're back! How was it? Did you run into any danger?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_1010132_8-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_1010132_8-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fortunately, none at all.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013204-->
::'''Molly:''' That's good! If something happens to you because of me...
::'''Molly:''' Anyway, enough ifs. Please tell me what happened.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We almost died...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013207-->
::'''Molly:''' What, for real? If anything happens to you because of me, I'll definitely...
::'''Molly:''' Never mind, enough ifs. Please tell me what happened.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: BLACKTALK_START-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: BLACKTALK_START-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: BLACKTALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: BLACKTALK_END-->
:'''Serval:''' What an interesting adventure. Such a pity I didn't go with you. We should find a chance to investigate those mechanisms and dismantle them next time.
:'''Pela:''' Well, you have to get Gepard's approval first...
:'''Molly:''' Anyway, I'm glad to see you two back safely. I very much appreciate your help. Plus, I'm also very interested in what you've found over there... Let me take a look!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_1010132_20-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_1010132_20-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I found a... portrait.
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "Mission_2011101_temp",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_201130201",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201130201-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201140204,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201140204,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceD 201140204: Config/Level/Mission/2011402/Act/Act201140204.json-->
----
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 101.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' You should go and talk to Lady Bronya, Serval. It was her personal invite, after all...
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 137.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Ugh... I know, I know. Let me think about it...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you guys chatting about?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Serval, I already asked them...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013675-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 138 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 138 f.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Huh? (Trailblazer), you're just in time! Any news yet?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013678-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this a bad time?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013677-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 139.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Oh! No, not at all! I could do with a hand, actually...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013678-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013678-->
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 102 f.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Perfect timing, (Trailblazer) &mdash; please talk some sense into her.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 140.ogg}} '''Serval:''' *sigh* I knew it...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, am I supposed to be the good cop here?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013681-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 141.ogg}} '''Serval:''' ...Hey, you're taking his side already!?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I try to stay out of family squabbles...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013683-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 142.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Y'know what, you're right &mdash; we should work these things out on our own...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not taking sides &mdash; I don't even know what the deal is.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013685-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 143.ogg}} '''Serval:''' That's just it &mdash; there is no deal...
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013686-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013686-->
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 103.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' ...Serval, I understand your reluctance to rejoin the Silvermane Guards.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 104.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' But Lady Bronya values your talent, and she sees how much you could contribute to the rejuvenation of Belobog... so I came to talk to you about it.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 105.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' In any case, you should at least pay her a visit.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 144.ogg}} '''Serval:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 145.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Okay... I get it. I'll make a trip to Qlipoth Fort and tell Bronya what I really think.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 146 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 146 f.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Sorry, (Trailblazer) &mdash; I need to get this over with. Let me know what they said when I get back.
----
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013692-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013692-->
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 106.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' *sigh* ...Same old Serval.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013694-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 107.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Ah, sorry, my head's still in the argument. It's like this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's your sister for you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013696-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 108.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Is she creating trouble for you too?
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 109.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Ah, sorry, my head's still in the argument. It's like this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Was Bronya caught off guard by her desire to join the Astral Express?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013699-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 110.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Join the Express?
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 111.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' I see... no wonder she seemed so flustered. So that's what's on her mind...
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 112.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Ah, sorry, my head's still in the argument. It's like this.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013702-->
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 113.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' As you know, my sister used to be one of the research team leads in the Silvermane Guards Technology Division. Stellarons were her main area of research.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 114.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' But her expertise went far beyond Stellarons. She was and still is well versed in mechanical engineering and other fields.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 115.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Immediately after her succession, Lady Bronya set her sights on Serval's talents. The supreme guardian wants her to resume her technological research and be a shining light for the revitalization of Belobog.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 116.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' However... you saw her attitude just now. I doubt her meeting with Lady Bronya will change anything &mdash; it'll probably just leave them both feeling dejected.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe she just wants to see the outside world.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I couldn't stand an office job either...
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013708-->
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 117.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Mm... I think there's more than one element to it.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 118.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' My intuition tells me this is mostly linked to Madam Cocolia's passing.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I thought they became enemies a long time ago?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013711-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 119.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' That's true, but...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013713-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds like you've got a story to tell. Let's hear it.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013713-->
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 120.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' *sigh* Never mind, it's just a personal hunch. I've never been good at reading my sister's mind.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 121.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' I can tell the two of you have a close bond. If you get the chance, see if you can persuade her to open up about it.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013715-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013715-->
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 122.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' ...Hand on heart, I wouldn't want to see her sitting behind a desk in Qlipoth Fort and sighing all day either...
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 123.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Belobog is too small a place for a mind as inquisitive as Serval's... Maybe it would be better for her to join you on your journey.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 124.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' *sigh* ...I'll admit, I'm a little worried about how she plans on getting all this across to Lady Bronya.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 125 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 125 f.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' (Trailblazer), are you busy? Let's go and wait for her in front of Qlipoth Fort.
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201140204-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201140210,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201140210,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceD 201140210: Config/Level/Mission/2011402/Act/Act201140210.json-->
----
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 172.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Ah... There's no place like home. I never feel completely free out there.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 173.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Gepard, can you lend your dear sister a hand? Help me pack my bags~
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 131.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Am I allowed to refuse? This place... Just looking around gives me a headache.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 174.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Okay, okay, I promise this is the last time.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 175 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 175 f.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I'm about to go traveling with (Trailblazer) &mdash; who knows how long it'll be before I can visit home again. You should help me pack while you still have the chance.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 132.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' ...Fine. I'll give you a hand.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 176 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 176 f.ogg}} '''Serval:''' (Trailblazer), you just need to make yourself at home. You've done plenty of work already!
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201140210-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201140218,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201140218,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceD 201140218: Config/Level/Mission/2011402/Act/Act201140218.json-->
----
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 217.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Phew... finally. I think I must have left cadet school with about the same amount...
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 150.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' No easy job. Serval, I want to ask you again...
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 151.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Do you... really want to leave Belobog and go with the Trailblazers?
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 218.ogg}} '''Serval:''' ...Of course! This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity &mdash; I can't miss it.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 219.ogg}} '''Serval:''' What's wrong, Gepard? Ahh, I see... Can't let go of your dear ol' sister, eh?
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 152.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' I... Forget it. I don't want to complicate things for you.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 153.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' But before you leave, I have one last request to make. The Garrison is heading down to the Underworld soon to survey the situation around Boulder Town. Why don't you come with me?
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 220.ogg}} '''Serval:''' ...Huh? You just said you didn't wanna complicate things for me, and now you're sending me on a mission...
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 221.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Ahaa~ You just wanna spend as much time as possible with me before I go, right?
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 154.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 155.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' N&mdash;No, it's not that... I've heard there are a lot of old energy hubs in the Underworld, and you're probably the only person in Belobog who knows how to inspect them.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 156.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Since you're leaving one way or the other, why don't you do the people of the city one last favor before you go?
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 222.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Even at a time like this, you're still thinking about the people... *sigh* I don't know what to say.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 223.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Alright, I'll help you out &mdash; the first and last time the Landau siblings will work together!
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 157 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 157 f.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Thanks, sis. (Trailblazer), if you have the time, could you accompany the Garrison?
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 158.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' You're Belobog's hero &mdash; I'm sure you must be popular in the Underworld. The Silvermane Guards will face less resistance if you come with us.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course, remember to send me a message in advance.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013855-->
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 159.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Thanks. I'll contact you when the Guards have finished their preparations.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 224.ogg}} '''Serval:''' *sigh* ...I'm tired of packing. Let's leave it here for today. Thanks for your help.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 225.ogg}} '''Serval:''' *yawn* I drank all that tea. Why am I getting sleepy?
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201140218-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201140220,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201140218,
		"Param2": 3
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201140220: Config/Level/Mission/2011402/Act/Act201140220.json-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you really made up your mind to leave?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013879-->
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 226.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Yes, I've been preparing myself mentally for a long time. If I back out now, it'll be a huge loss.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201140420_9-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201140420_9-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you bear to leave Gepard here by himself?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013882-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 227.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Well... would you believe me if I said yes?
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 228.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Haha, he's my little brother, of course I don't want to leave him alone. But... I don't have any other choice.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 229.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Also, i&mdash;it's not like I'm never coming back. And if I really miss him... I can just pester the heck outta him over the phone, right?
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 230.ogg}} '''Serval:''' There's always a way for me to contact him if I need to, so don't worry!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} The reason you want to leave isn't so simple, is it?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013887-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 231.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Hm... you can see right through me.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 232.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I'm sorry, I'm not ready to talk to anyone about the reasons behind my decision... I hope you can understand.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Okay, I respect your choice.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013890-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 233.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Haha, thank you. Make sure you look after me now~
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201140220-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 101150233,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 101150214,
		"Param2": 3
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 101150233: Config/Level/Mission/1011502/Act/Act101150233.json-->
:{{A|VO chapter1 10 serval 211.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I received Bronya's message before the inauguration ceremony. She told me everything that happened north of Belobog &mdash; about the Stellaron, and Cocolia's sacrifice...
:{{A|VO chapter1 10 serval 212.ogg}} '''Serval:''' But...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...But?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Uhh... Just listen to Bronya.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013561-->
:{{A|VO chapter1 10 serval 213.ogg}} '''Serval:''' ...Honestly, I feel that girl is hiding something from me. I knew Cocolia well, and she was never one to suddenly change her mind.
:{{A|VO chapter1 10 serval 214.ogg}} '''Serval:''' *sigh* Don't worry, I won't dig too deep. I know Bronya must have thought long and hard before deciding what to make public.
:{{A|VO chapter1 10 serval 215.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I just... feel a bit empty now that we've lost the Stellaron &mdash; I spent a long time pursuing it, after all...
:{{A|VO chapter1 10 serval 216.ogg}} '''Serval:''' As for Cocolia, the best side of her will live on in people's memory. That's not all bad...
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Serval:''' Ahaha, just kidding. What's up?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_15-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_15-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What does the workshop actually do?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029407-->
::'''Serval:''' Just look at the decor &mdash; you can probably guess, right? It's a mechanical repairs shop, of course.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You can fix all kinds of machines?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029409-->
:::'''Serval:''' Of course! There's nothing in Belobog that I can't fix.
:::'''Serval:''' Anything as small as a Geomarrow radiator to as large as a car engine &mdash; or even a Silvermane automaton &mdash; ah, but of course cars and automatons can't be dragged into this small room. I offer an outcall service for those.
:::'''Serval:''' As well as maintenance and renovations of everyday things, we also had a modding service &mdash; like fitting an external drill bit to a snowplow, or a ballistic computer to a toaster...
:::'''Serval:''' Put simply, the motto of our workshop is: Nothing is unfixable, as long as you can imagine it! Come see us if there's anything we can do, we'll give you a friendly price.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's business normally?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029414-->
:::'''Serval:''' Business? What's that?
:::'''Serval:''' Haha, just kidding. There's not much to say about our workshop's business. I make about as much as we spend each day.
:::'''Serval:''' But I don't plan on just working for a crust &mdash; life is short, so what's the point of just living to make money? If I've got the time, I'd rather be tinkering on my hobbies.
:::'''Serval:''' Ah, speaking of which... We sometimes put on rock gigs here at the workshop. Why don't you come check it out, if you like?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Return}} I see.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029419-->
:::'''Serval:''' What else would you like to chat about?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard there are gigs here sometimes?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029421-->
::'''Serval:''' That's right. Who told you that? They must have great taste!
::'''Serval:''' Not many people up in the Overworld consider our rock art a "gig"... Most people just call it "noise," haha.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your band called?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029424-->
:::'''Serval:''' We're called Mechanical Fever &mdash; cool eh?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who's in your band?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029426-->
:::'''Serval:''' Ha, you've gotten straight to the point.
:::'''Serval:''' Guitar and vocals are handled by me, of course. The keyboardist is the youngest and cutest of us Landaus &mdash; Lynx.
:::'''Serval:''' On drums is Pela, one of the Silvermane Guards. She's always out on duty... These days, she should be out in the plaza watching over the kids.
:::'''Serval:''' As for the bassist, we don't have one...
:::'''Serval:''' And it's got something to do with Cocolia... I can't really say more than that.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} When's the next gig?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029432-->
:::'''Serval:''' Gig? Whenever we want~ If we want it, we do it &mdash; otherwise, we don't. That's rock music!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Return}} I understand.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029434-->
:::'''Serval:''' It's pretty rare to have someone like you who's so interested in our band. What else would you like to chat about?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029436-->
::'''Serval:''' Cool, I'll be free to chat later whenever you want.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Serval:''' Hey, aren't you the outsider who helped me fix my stuff?
:'''Serval:''' What are you after today? Repairs, a chat, or just listening to music?
:'''Serval:''' Ah, so you've made up your mind about becoming my assistant, then? Welcome!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Serval:''' Alright, come back soon!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101030101-->)
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101110101-->)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029403: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029403.json-->
:::'''Serval:''' Oh hey, it's (Trailblazer) the Trailblazer. Welcome to the workshop!
:::'''Serval:''' I'll hazard a guess that you didn't come looking for repairs... I'm not complaining. Don't get me wrong.
:::'''Serval:''' Based on our friendship, you can just treat the workshop like your second home &mdash; come have a rest any time you're feeling tired.
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101110101-->)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029402: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029402.json-->
:::'''Serval:''' Welcome to the Neverwinter Workshop...
:::'''Serval:''' ...Huh? Aren't you that outsider who's wanted by the Supreme Guardian!? The guards are out hunting all over the place for you!
:::'''Serval:''' I think you should stop strutting outside so brazenly, and keep your head down here in my workshop.
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101030101-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029401: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029401.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Hey, aren't you the outsider who helped me fix my stuff?
::'''Serval:''' What are you after today? Repairs, a chat, or just listening to music?
::'''Serval:''' Ah, so you've made up your mind about becoming my assistant, then? Welcome!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I wanna ask you something...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 405003002: Config/Level/Mission/4050030/Act/Act405003002.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Hmm? What's up?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Tell her about the discs)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_405300203-->
::'''Serval:''' Rock music? You've come to the right person. Our band... ah no. I'm afraid I can't help you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_405300205-->
:::'''Serval:''' It's a long story. Our band is undergoing some changes.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can pay you!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_405300207-->
:::'''Serval:''' It's not about money. If I have any discs, I will give them to you directly!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_405300208-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_405300208-->
::'''Serval:''' How should I put it... We used to sell our albums, though the quantity was not that large. Belobog is not that big, so usually a tour is enough.
::'''Serval:''' Then... There were some personnel changes, you know with Dunn... Then there's the perennial problem of our bass player...
::'''Serval:''' I'm considering re-recording the previous album, so I can't give you the disc right now.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Okay then...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I understand that.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_405300213-->
::'''Serval:''' Sorry, (Trailblazer). When I finish handling the band affairs, I will definitely send you some albums if I have the chance!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_405003602-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140204--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Serval, I already asked...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 201140204: Config/Level/Mission/2011402/Act/Act201140204.json-->
::----
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 101.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' You should go and talk to Lady Bronya, Serval. It was her personal invite, after all...
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 137.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Ugh... I know, I know. Let me think about it...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you guys chatting about?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Serval, I already asked them...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013675-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 138 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 138 f.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Huh? (Trailblazer), you're just in time! Any news yet?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013678-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is this a bad time?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013677-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 139.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Oh! No, not at all! I could do with a hand, actually...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013678-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013678-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 102 f.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Perfect timing, (Trailblazer) &mdash; please talk some sense into her.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 140.ogg}} '''Serval:''' *sigh* I knew it...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, am I supposed to be the good cop here?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013681-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 141.ogg}} '''Serval:''' ...Hey, you're taking his side already!?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I try to stay out of family squabbles...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013683-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 142.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Y'know what, you're right &mdash; we should work these things out on our own...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not taking sides &mdash; I don't even know what the deal is.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013685-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 143.ogg}} '''Serval:''' That's just it &mdash; there is no deal...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013686-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013686-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 103.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' ...Serval, I understand your reluctance to rejoin the Silvermane Guards.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 104.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' But Lady Bronya values your talent, and she sees how much you could contribute to the rejuvenation of Belobog... so I came to talk to you about it.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 105.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' In any case, you should at least pay her a visit.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 144.ogg}} '''Serval:''' ...
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 145.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Okay... I get it. I'll make a trip to Qlipoth Fort and tell Bronya what I really think.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 146 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 146 f.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Sorry, (Trailblazer) &mdash; I need to get this over with. Let me know what they said when I get back.
::----
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013692-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013692-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 106.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' *sigh* ...Same old Serval.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013694-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 107.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Ah, sorry, my head's still in the argument. It's like this.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's your sister for you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013696-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 108.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Is she creating trouble for you too?
:::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 109.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Ah, sorry, my head's still in the argument. It's like this.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Was Bronya caught off guard by her desire to join the Astral Express?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013699-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 110.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Join the Express?
:::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 111.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' I see... no wonder she seemed so flustered. So that's what's on her mind...
:::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 112.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Ah, sorry, my head's still in the argument. It's like this.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013702-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 113.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' As you know, my sister used to be one of the research team leads in the Silvermane Guards Technology Division. Stellarons were her main area of research.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 114.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' But her expertise went far beyond Stellarons. She was and still is well versed in mechanical engineering and other fields.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 115.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Immediately after her succession, Lady Bronya set her sights on Serval's talents. The supreme guardian wants her to resume her technological research and be a shining light for the revitalization of Belobog.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 116.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' However... you saw her attitude just now. I doubt her meeting with Lady Bronya will change anything &mdash; it'll probably just leave them both feeling dejected.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe she just wants to see the outside world.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I couldn't stand an office job either...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013708-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 117.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Mm... I think there's more than one element to it.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 118.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' My intuition tells me this is mostly linked to Madam Cocolia's passing.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I thought they became enemies a long time ago?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013711-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 119.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' That's true, but...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013713-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds like you've got a story to tell. Let's hear it.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013713-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 120.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' *sigh* Never mind, it's just a personal hunch. I've never been good at reading my sister's mind.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 121.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' I can tell the two of you have a close bond. If you get the chance, see if you can persuade her to open up about it.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101013715-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013715-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 122.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' ...Hand on heart, I wouldn't want to see her sitting behind a desk in Qlipoth Fort and sighing all day either...
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 123.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Belobog is too small a place for a mind as inquisitive as Serval's... Maybe it would be better for her to join you on your journey.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 124.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' *sigh* ...I'll admit, I'm a little worried about how she plans on getting all this across to Lady Bronya.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 125 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 125 f.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' (Trailblazer), are you busy? Let's go and wait for her in front of Qlipoth Fort.
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201140204-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140210-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140204-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} What should we do now?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 201140210: Config/Level/Mission/2011402/Act/Act201140210.json-->
::----
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 172.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Ah... There's no place like home. I never feel completely free out there.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 173.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Gepard, can you lend your dear sister a hand? Help me pack my bags~
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 131.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Am I allowed to refuse? This place... Just looking around gives me a headache.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 174.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Okay, okay, I promise this is the last time.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 175 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 175 f.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I'm about to go traveling with (Trailblazer) &mdash; who knows how long it'll be before I can visit home again. You should help me pack while you still have the chance.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 132.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' ...Fine. I'll give you a hand.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 176 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 176 f.ogg}} '''Serval:''' (Trailblazer), you just need to make yourself at home. You've done plenty of work already!
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201140210-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140218-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140210-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140204-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} What should we do now?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 201140218: Config/Level/Mission/2011402/Act/Act201140218.json-->
::----
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 217.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Phew... finally. I think I must have left cadet school with about the same amount...
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 150.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' No easy job. Serval, I want to ask you again...
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 151.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Do you... really want to leave Belobog and go with the Trailblazers?
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 218.ogg}} '''Serval:''' ...Of course! This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity &mdash; I can't miss it.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 219.ogg}} '''Serval:''' What's wrong, Gepard? Ahh, I see... Can't let go of your dear ol' sister, eh?
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 152.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' I... Forget it. I don't want to complicate things for you.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 153.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' But before you leave, I have one last request to make. The Garrison is heading down to the Underworld soon to survey the situation around Boulder Town. Why don't you come with me?
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 220.ogg}} '''Serval:''' ...Huh? You just said you didn't wanna complicate things for me, and now you're sending me on a mission...
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 221.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Ahaa~ You just wanna spend as much time as possible with me before I go, right?
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 154.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' ...
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 155.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' N&mdash;No, it's not that... I've heard there are a lot of old energy hubs in the Underworld, and you're probably the only person in Belobog who knows how to inspect them.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 156.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Since you're leaving one way or the other, why don't you do the people of the city one last favor before you go?
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 222.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Even at a time like this, you're still thinking about the people... *sigh* I don't know what to say.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 223.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Alright, I'll help you out &mdash; the first and last time the Landau siblings will work together!
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 157 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 157 f.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Thanks, sis. (Trailblazer), if you have the time, could you accompany the Garrison?
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 158.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' You're Belobog's hero &mdash; I'm sure you must be popular in the Underworld. The Silvermane Guards will face less resistance if you come with us.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course, remember to send me a message in advance.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013855-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 159.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Thanks. I'll contact you when the Guards have finished their preparations.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 224.ogg}} '''Serval:''' *sigh* ...I'm tired of packing. Let's leave it here for today. Thanks for your help.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 225.ogg}} '''Serval:''' *yawn* I drank all that tea. Why am I getting sleepy?
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201140218-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150213--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101150231-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140218-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140210-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140204-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon}} Silent Galaxy
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 101150233: Config/Level/Mission/1011502/Act/Act101150233.json-->
::{{A|VO chapter1 10 serval 211.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I received Bronya's message before the inauguration ceremony. She told me everything that happened north of Belobog &mdash; about the Stellaron, and Cocolia's sacrifice...
::{{A|VO chapter1 10 serval 212.ogg}} '''Serval:''' But...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...But?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Uhh... Just listen to Bronya.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013561-->
::{{A|VO chapter1 10 serval 213.ogg}} '''Serval:''' ...Honestly, I feel that girl is hiding something from me. I knew Cocolia well, and she was never one to suddenly change her mind.
::{{A|VO chapter1 10 serval 214.ogg}} '''Serval:''' *sigh* Don't worry, I won't dig too deep. I know Bronya must have thought long and hard before deciding what to make public.
::{{A|VO chapter1 10 serval 215.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I just... feel a bit empty now that we've lost the Stellaron &mdash; I spent a long time pursuing it, after all...
::{{A|VO chapter1 10 serval 216.ogg}} '''Serval:''' As for Cocolia, the best side of her will live on in people's memory. That's not all bad...
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_101150233-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 301140302-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150213--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101150231-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140218-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140210-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140204-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} About Tamila...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 301140302: Config/Level/Mission/3011403/Act/Act301140302.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Tamila? Ah... I remember, you mean that famous musical actress?
::'''Serval:''' How does she use her heater? What are you asking about that for?
::'''Serval:''' Ah, it's coming back to me now that you mention it. Her heater broke a few days back, and she dragged it here for me to take a look at it.
::'''Serval:''' At the time, I was still wondering what a star like her was doing without any servants or assistants around to help her, right? But seeing someone like her performing her own labor like this... well, it's uncommon, to say the least.
::'''Serval:''' But I'm sorry, as for her heater usage and habits, that's personal info. Even if you were the one asking, (Trailblazer)...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry for putting you in a difficult position.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_301140808-->
::'''Serval:''' That's cool. No worries! I'm guessing there's a fanatical fan behind the scenes who's too embarrassed to ask themselves, am I right? I can understand that.
::'''Serval:''' Hey, I see this thing all the time. Run for the hills next time you bump into that kind of stalker!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_301140302_01-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201110110-->, {{cx}}<!--performance 501029411 has been seen-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 201130203-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 301140302-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150213--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101150231-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140218-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140210-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140204-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon}} How's Molly?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029411: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029411.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Molly? That girl's so carefree, and her temper can flip like the wind... A little bit like me, haha.
::'''Serval:''' She wasn't depressed for long after that last thing, and she's been working with me the past two days on her heirloom box.
::'''Serval:''' Right? I guess she won't be able to go home for a while, so I'm thinking about asking her to become my assistant.
::'''Serval:''' This girl is so nimble and good at her work... No wonder she was able to handle so much manual labor by herself over at the Technology Division.
::'''Serval:''' Moreover, I can tell she loves mechanical engineering. It'd be such a pity to send her back to that stuffy vibe over at the Technology Division...
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029411-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201130203--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029412 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201110110-->, {{cx}}<!--performance 501029411 has been seen-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 201130203-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 301140302-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150213--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101150231-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140218-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140210-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140204-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon}} How's Molly?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029412: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029412.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Now that's a question that's perked me up, haha~
::'''Serval:''' Let me tell you, I knew there was nothing wrong with my eye &mdash; I'm not exaggerating here when I say, Molly is a rare mechanical genius!
::'''Serval:''' &mdash; Genius! Do you know the value of a true genius? She and I have so much in common!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_501029412_12-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_501029412_12-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you saying that you're a genius, too?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029476-->
:::'''Serval:''' Of course! Be it mechanics, research, or rock music &mdash; I'm a genius at all of them!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's her specialty?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029478-->
:::'''Serval:''' Molly's such a good worker, and she forms her own insight into various mechanical structures...
:::'''Serval:''' Some things that even I have trouble with, she can resolve meticulously. If that's not genius, what is?
:::'''Serval:''' But it's just a pity that this kid isn't into rock 'n' roll...
:::'''Serval:''' ...Ha, looks like we have our next target to work towards, then! I have to find a way for Molly to fall in love with rock music, and see if she'll be the bassist for Mechanical Fever...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Why don't you write a song about it?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029483-->
:::'''Serval:''' Haha, great minds.
:::'''Serval:''' Actually, I've been slogging through writing some lyrics recently. When inspiration strikes, I'll put it to good use!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029412-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140218--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029413 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201130203--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029412 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201110110-->, {{cx}}<!--performance 501029411 has been seen-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 201130203-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 301140302-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150213--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101150231-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140218-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140210-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140204-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon}} Have you really made up your mind to leave?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029413: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029413.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Yes, I've been preparing myself mentally for a long time. If I back out now, it'll be a huge loss.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_501029413_10-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_501029413_10-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you bear to leave Gepard here by himself?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029488-->
:::'''Serval:''' Well... would you believe me if I said yes?
:::'''Serval:''' Haha, he is my brother by blood after all. How can I leave him all alone? But... I don't have any other choice.
:::'''Serval:''' Also, i&mdash;it's not like I'm never coming back. And if I really miss him... I can just pester the heck outta him over the phone, right?
:::'''Serval:''' There's always a way for me to contact him if I need to, so don't worry!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} The reason you want to leave isn't so simple, is it?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029493-->
:::'''Serval:''' Ah... you can see right through me.
:::'''Serval:''' I'm sorry, I'm not ready to talk to anyone about the reasons behind my decision... I hope you can understand.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Okay, I respect your choice.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029496-->
:::'''Serval:''' Haha, thank you. Make sure you look after me now~
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029413-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140504--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029414 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140218--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029413 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201130203--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029412 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201110110-->, {{cx}}<!--performance 501029411 has been seen-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 201130203-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 301140302-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150213--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101150231-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140218-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140210-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140204-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon}} How are things these days?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029414: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029414.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Hmm? Why are you asking me that all of a sudden?
::'''Serval:''' ...Ah, you mean that thing back at Everwinter Hill?
::'''Serval:''' I did the growly voice and smashed up my guitar... It wouldn't be very rock 'n' roll if we just hid in the shadows and said nothing, right?
::'''Serval:''' Whether it's family or friendships... In the face of setbacks, all I used to know how to do was escape. I never thought about trying to fix the root of the matter.
::'''Serval:''' But everything's different now &mdash; thanks to you and my bro's support, I've finally made the decision to make myself better.
::'''Serval:''' As for the city of Belobog, I can put my knowledge to lots of different uses. I'll use my talents to help people around me, and put aside for now any thoughts of escape.
::'''Serval:''' But then again, I'm not faking it when I say I love travel &mdash; I hope once the time's right that I can go out there and trailblaze together with you!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029414-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404012603-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140504--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029414 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140218--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029413 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201130203--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029412 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201110110-->, {{cx}}<!--performance 501029411 has been seen-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 201130203-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 301140302-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150213--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101150231-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140218-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140210-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140204-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon|?}} I wanted to talk with you about your maniac fans...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404012603: Config/Level/Mission/4040126/Act/Act404012603.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Ah. You must be talking about the one that is outside the window, right?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, that fan!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012604-->
:::'''Serval:''' Haha, I knew it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So you knew already?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012606-->
:::'''Serval:''' Of course. I'm the most popular rock star in Belobog after all.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404012607-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012607-->
::'''Serval:''' So basically... this fan wanted a picture of me. Did I get that right?
::'''Serval:''' Then, help me take a picture. Make sure to find a good angle!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leave it to me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're going to agree to this!?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012611-->
::'''Serval:''' Of course! I do my best to make my fans happy!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404012604-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404012607-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404012603-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140504--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029414 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140218--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029413 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201130203--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029412 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201110110-->, {{cx}}<!--performance 501029411 has been seen-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 201130203-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 301140302-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150213--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101150231-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140218-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140210-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140204-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon|?}} I wanted to talk with you about your maniac fans...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404012607: Config/Level/Mission/4040126/Act/Act404012607.json-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 404012605-->)
:::'''Serval:''' Did you get the picture? Let me see...
:::'''Serval:''' Haha. You're not too bad! I want to get you to take my picture for a magazine cover.
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 404012605-->)
:::'''Serval:''' Did you get the picture? Let me see...
:::'''Serval:''' Hmm? I can't see myself in the picture...
::'''Serval:''' Anyway, get that picture to her. If she isn't satisfied, then come back. I'm free anytime!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You really are a good person.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012617-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012617-->
:::'''Serval:''' Haha, of course. I'm Serval.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you worried she will hurt you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012619-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012619-->
:::'''Serval:''' Hurt me? Impossible! I cut myself off from my family, but I'm still a prominent public figure in Belobog. No one would dare lay a finger on me.
:::'''Serval:''' Relax~ I've been aware of that fan for quite a while now. If she had ill intentions, she has had more than enough opportunities to act on them. Why would she make you come here and take a photo, right?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404012621-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012621-->
::'''Serval:''' Well, go and fulfill her dreams.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404012604-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101110208--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029410 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404012607-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404012603-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140504--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029414 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140218--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029413 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201130203--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029412 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201110110-->, {{cx}}<!--performance 501029411 has been seen-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 201130203-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 301140302-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150213--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101150231-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140218-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140210-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140204-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon}} How's Gepard doing?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029410: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029410.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Oh, you mean the thing in the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone? He just suffered a few flesh wounds, nothing serious. Don't worry &mdash; he's captain of the Silvermane Guards, so he isn't that fragile.
::'''Serval:''' After you went north into the Fragmentum, Gepard and I held off several waves of attack with some Silvermane Guards. We finally took our chances and shut off the entrance to the restricted zone.
::'''Serval:''' To tell the truth, the whole thing was thrilling... Endless monsters pouring out from the Fragmentum, rushing to the restricted zone. I almost thought we weren't gonna make it, but luckily I had my best guy with me...
::'''Serval:''' The previous Fragmentum attacks were nowhere near this vicious. *sigh* I mean back when I was still in the Silvermane Guards.
::'''Serval:''' Now though... Things are really tough for Gepard.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_501029410_16-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_501029410_16-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You've been in combat before?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029456-->
:::'''Serval:''' Pretty much &mdash; I may be from the Technology Division, but my areas of expertise are Fragmentum and Stellarons. And you can't remain confined to the lab if you want to make a name for yourself in these fields.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You didn't seem to worry much about Gepard before?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029458-->
:::'''Serval:''' Not true. He's my little brother. And no matter what, as his big sister, I will always be worrying about him.
:::'''Serval:''' It's just that I've always thought every Landau has their own drive. And my brother's really good at martial arts... I convinced myself that I wouldn't have to worry about him.
:::'''Serval:''' But seeing how the Fragmentum attacks have been developing has changed my mind...
:::'''Serval:''' ...When he comes back next time, I'll definitely bring Pela along and we'll back him up.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Thanks so much.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029463-->
:::'''Serval:''' No big deal! Most Landaus members work their ways into military careers, and we're used to this.
:::'''Serval:''' It's worth our time as long as you're making valuable gains from your trips to the Fragmentum.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029410-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201130201-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101110208--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029410 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404012607-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404012603-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140504--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029414 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140218--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029413 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201130203--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501029412 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201110110-->, {{cx}}<!--performance 501029411 has been seen-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 201130203-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 301140302-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150213--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101150231-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140218-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140210-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140204-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003602-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Pela and I are back.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 201130201: Config/Level/Mission/2011302/Act/Act201130201.json-->
::----
::<!--0.3-second delay-->
::'''Serval:''' Look, they are back.
::'''Molly:''' Hey? You're back! How was it? Did you run into any danger?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_1010132_8-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_1010132_8-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fortunately, none at all.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013204-->
:::'''Molly:''' That's good! If something happens to you because of me...
:::'''Molly:''' Anyway, enough ifs. Please tell me what happened.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We almost died...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101013207-->
:::'''Molly:''' What, for real? If anything happens to you because of me, I'll definitely...
:::'''Molly:''' Never mind, enough ifs. Please tell me what happened.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: BLACKTALK_START-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: BLACKTALK_START-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: BLACKTALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: BLACKTALK_END-->
::'''Serval:''' What an interesting adventure. Such a pity I didn't go with you. We should find a chance to investigate those mechanisms and dismantle them next time.
::'''Pela:''' Well, you have to get Gepard's approval first...
::'''Molly:''' Anyway, I'm glad to see you two back safely. I very much appreciate your help. Plus, I'm also very interested in what you've found over there... Let me take a look!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_1010132_20-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_1010132_20-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I found a... portrait.
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "Mission_2011101_temp",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_201130201",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201130201-->
;(If {{Mission|Future Market (II)|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon}} Looks like work is coming along well?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029415: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act501029415.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Ah, when did you become such a caring {{MC|f=young lady|m=young man}}? It's nice that you'd express concern in my work.
::'''Serval:''' Honestly, this place suits me very well. All I'd ever fix back in the workshop were trivial things like watches and heaters. A big guy like this is something that I can really mull over for a long time.
::'''Serval:''' Plus, everyone is seriously counting on me now. I get so many people asking me things every day. It's like a crowd at a concert! It may not be rock'n'roll, but it's kind of cool.
:;(If {{Mission|Only A Child|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you have any plans for when construction is complete?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029511-->
::::'''Serval:''' When the giant robot is all fixed, this planet will be reborn, right? But I don't plan on sticking around here until then.
::::'''Serval:''' As soon as construction gets on track, I'll hand the reins over to Pela and find a place to enjoy myself.
::::'''Serval:''' I imagine by that time, I'll already be old-lady Serval with gray hair, hahaha~
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't regret joining us?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029515-->
::::'''Serval:''' Ah... Don't worry, my spirit can't be weighed down.
::::'''Serval:''' When the work on the ground is complete, I'll still be able to plan my own interstellar journey. Who knows, maybe by then you won't be carrying me, but advancing alongside me.
:;(If {{Mission|Only A Child|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you have any plans for when construction is complete?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029511-->
:::'''Serval:''' When the giant robot is all fixed, this planet will be reborn, right? But I don't plan on sticking around here until then.
:::'''Serval:''' As soon as construction gets on track, I'll hand the reins over to Pela and find a place to enjoy myself.
:::'''Serval:''' I imagine by that time, I'll already be old-lady Serval with gray hair, hahaha~
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "Mission_2011101_temp",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_201130201",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029415-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101110101--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101030101-->)
:{{DIcon}} I just want to chat...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029406: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029406.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Chatting at a time like this... But that's okay with me. What would you like to chat about?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_15-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_15-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What does the workshop actually do?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029407-->
:::'''Serval:''' Just look at the decor &mdash; you can probably guess, right? It's a mechanical repairs shop, of course.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} You can fix all kinds of machines?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029409-->
::::'''Serval:''' Of course! There's nothing in Belobog that I can't fix.
::::'''Serval:''' Anything as small as a Geomarrow radiator to as large as a car engine &mdash; or even a Silvermane automaton &mdash; ah, but of course cars and automatons can't be dragged into this small room. I offer an outcall service for those.
::::'''Serval:''' As well as maintenance and renovations of everyday things, we also had a modding service &mdash; like fitting an external drill bit to a snowplow, or a ballistic computer to a toaster...
::::'''Serval:''' Put simply, the motto of our workshop is: Nothing is unfixable, as long as you can imagine it! Come see us if there's anything we can do, we'll give you a friendly price.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's business normally?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029414-->
::::'''Serval:''' Business? What's that?
::::'''Serval:''' Haha, just kidding. There's not much to say about our workshop's business. I make about as much as we spend each day.
::::'''Serval:''' But I don't plan on just working for a crust &mdash; life is short, so what's the point of just living to make money? If I've got the time, I'd rather be tinkering on my hobbies.
::::'''Serval:''' Ah, speaking of which... We sometimes put on rock gigs here at the workshop. Why don't you come check it out, if you like?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I see.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029419-->
::::'''Serval:''' What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard there are gigs here sometimes?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029421-->
:::'''Serval:''' That's right. Who told you that? They must have great taste!
:::'''Serval:''' Not many people up in the Overworld consider our rock art a "gig"... Most people just call it "noise," haha.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your band called?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029424-->
::::'''Serval:''' We're called Mechanical Fever &mdash; cool eh?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who's in your band?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029426-->
::::'''Serval:''' Ha, you've gotten straight to the point.
::::'''Serval:''' Guitar and vocals are handled by me, of course. The keyboardist is the youngest and cutest of us Landaus &mdash; Lynx.
::::'''Serval:''' On drums is Pela, one of the Silvermane Guards. She's always out on duty... These days, she should be out in the plaza watching over the kids.
::::'''Serval:''' As for the bassist, we don't have one...
::::'''Serval:''' And it's got something to do with Cocolia... I can't really say more than that.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} When's the next gig?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029432-->
::::'''Serval:''' Gig? Whenever we want~ If we want it, we do it &mdash; otherwise, we don't. That's rock music!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I understand.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029434-->
::::'''Serval:''' It's pretty rare to have someone like you who's so interested in our band. What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029436-->
:::'''Serval:''' Cool, I'll be free to chat later whenever you want.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "Mission_2011101_temp",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_201130201",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029406-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101110101--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101030101-->)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's chat some other time.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029409: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029409.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Alright. I'll be here any time if you want to chat later.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029409-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101110101--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101030101-->)
:{{DIcon}} I just want to chat...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029406: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029406.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Chatting at a time like this... But that's okay with me. What would you like to chat about?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_15-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_15-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_15-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What does the workshop actually do?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029407-->
:::'''Serval:''' Just look at the decor &mdash; you can probably guess, right? It's a mechanical repairs shop, of course.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} You can fix all kinds of machines?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029409-->
::::'''Serval:''' Of course! There's nothing in Belobog that I can't fix.
::::'''Serval:''' Anything as small as a Geomarrow radiator to as large as a car engine &mdash; or even a Silvermane automaton &mdash; ah, but of course cars and automatons can't be dragged into this small room. I offer an outcall service for those.
::::'''Serval:''' As well as maintenance and renovations of everyday things, we also had a modding service &mdash; like fitting an external drill bit to a snowplow, or a ballistic computer to a toaster...
::::'''Serval:''' Put simply, the motto of our workshop is: Nothing is unfixable, as long as you can imagine it! Come see us if there's anything we can do, we'll give you a friendly price.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's business normally?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029414-->
::::'''Serval:''' Business? What's that?
::::'''Serval:''' Haha, just kidding. There's not much to say about our workshop's business. I make about as much as we spend each day.
::::'''Serval:''' But I don't plan on just working for a crust &mdash; life is short, so what's the point of just living to make money? If I've got the time, I'd rather be tinkering on my hobbies.
::::'''Serval:''' Ah, speaking of which... We sometimes put on rock gigs here at the workshop. Why don't you come check it out, if you like?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I see.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029419-->
::::'''Serval:''' What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard there are gigs here sometimes?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029421-->
:::'''Serval:''' That's right. Who told you that? They must have great taste!
:::'''Serval:''' Not many people up in the Overworld consider our rock art a "gig"... Most people just call it "noise," haha.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your band called?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029424-->
::::'''Serval:''' We're called Mechanical Fever &mdash; cool eh?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who's in your band?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029426-->
::::'''Serval:''' Ha, you've gotten straight to the point.
::::'''Serval:''' Guitar and vocals are handled by me, of course. The keyboardist is the youngest and cutest of us Landaus &mdash; Lynx.
::::'''Serval:''' On drums is Pela, one of the Silvermane Guards. She's always out on duty... These days, she should be out in the plaza watching over the kids.
::::'''Serval:''' As for the bassist, we don't have one...
::::'''Serval:''' And it's got something to do with Cocolia... I can't really say more than that.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} When's the next gig?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029432-->
::::'''Serval:''' Gig? Whenever we want~ If we want it, we do it &mdash; otherwise, we don't. That's rock music!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I understand.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029434-->
::::'''Serval:''' It's pretty rare to have someone like you who's so interested in our band. What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029436-->
:::'''Serval:''' Cool, I'll be free to chat later whenever you want.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "Mission_2011101_temp",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_201130201",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What does the workshop actually do?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029407-->
:::'''Serval:''' Just look at the decor &mdash; you can probably guess, right? It's a mechanical repairs shop, of course.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} You can fix all kinds of machines?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029409-->
::::'''Serval:''' Of course! There's nothing in Belobog that I can't fix.
::::'''Serval:''' Anything as small as a Geomarrow radiator to as large as a car engine &mdash; or even a Silvermane automaton &mdash; ah, but of course cars and automatons can't be dragged into this small room. I offer an outcall service for those.
::::'''Serval:''' As well as maintenance and renovations of everyday things, we also had a modding service &mdash; like fitting an external drill bit to a snowplow, or a ballistic computer to a toaster...
::::'''Serval:''' Put simply, the motto of our workshop is: Nothing is unfixable, as long as you can imagine it! Come see us if there's anything we can do, we'll give you a friendly price.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's business normally?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029414-->
::::'''Serval:''' Business? What's that?
::::'''Serval:''' Haha, just kidding. There's not much to say about our workshop's business. I make about as much as we spend each day.
::::'''Serval:''' But I don't plan on just working for a crust &mdash; life is short, so what's the point of just living to make money? If I've got the time, I'd rather be tinkering on my hobbies.
::::'''Serval:''' Ah, speaking of which... We sometimes put on rock gigs here at the workshop. Why don't you come check it out, if you like?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I see.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029419-->
::::'''Serval:''' What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard there are gigs here sometimes?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029421-->
:::'''Serval:''' That's right. Who told you that? They must have great taste!
:::'''Serval:''' Not many people up in the Overworld consider our rock art a "gig"... Most people just call it "noise," haha.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your band called?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029424-->
::::'''Serval:''' We're called Mechanical Fever &mdash; cool eh?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who's in your band?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029426-->
::::'''Serval:''' Ha, you've gotten straight to the point.
::::'''Serval:''' Guitar and vocals are handled by me, of course. The keyboardist is the youngest and cutest of us Landaus &mdash; Lynx.
::::'''Serval:''' On drums is Pela, one of the Silvermane Guards. She's always out on duty... These days, she should be out in the plaza watching over the kids.
::::'''Serval:''' As for the bassist, we don't have one...
::::'''Serval:''' And it's got something to do with Cocolia... I can't really say more than that.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} When's the next gig?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029432-->
::::'''Serval:''' Gig? Whenever we want~ If we want it, we do it &mdash; otherwise, we don't. That's rock music!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I understand.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029434-->
::::'''Serval:''' It's pretty rare to have someone like you who's so interested in our band. What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029436-->
:::'''Serval:''' Cool, I'll be free to chat later whenever you want.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "Mission_2011101_temp",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_201130201",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029406-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101110101--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101030101-->)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's chat some other time.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029408: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029408.json-->
::'''Serval:''' I can't protect you if you step out of the workshop, so please be utterly careful outside.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029408-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101030101-->)
:{{DIcon}} I just want to chat...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029404: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029404.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Ahaha, just kidding. What's up?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_15-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_15-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_15-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_15-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What does the workshop actually do?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029407-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029407-->
:::'''Serval:''' Just look at the decor &mdash; you can probably guess, right? It's a mechanical repairs shop, of course.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} You can fix all kinds of machines?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029409-->
::::'''Serval:''' Of course! There's nothing in Belobog that I can't fix.
::::'''Serval:''' Anything as small as a Geomarrow radiator to as large as a car engine &mdash; or even a Silvermane automaton &mdash; ah, but of course cars and automatons can't be dragged into this small room. I offer an outcall service for those.
::::'''Serval:''' As well as maintenance and renovations of everyday things, we also had a modding service &mdash; like fitting an external drill bit to a snowplow, or a ballistic computer to a toaster...
::::'''Serval:''' Put simply, the motto of our workshop is: Nothing is unfixable, as long as you can imagine it! Come see us if there's anything we can do, we'll give you a friendly price.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's business normally?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029414-->
::::'''Serval:''' Business? What's that?
::::'''Serval:''' Haha, just kidding. There's not much to say about our workshop's business. I make about as much as we spend each day.
::::'''Serval:''' But I don't plan on just working for a crust &mdash; life is short, so what's the point of just living to make money? If I've got the time, I'd rather be tinkering on my hobbies.
::::'''Serval:''' Ah, speaking of which... We sometimes put on rock gigs here at the workshop. Why don't you come check it out, if you like?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I see.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029419-->
::::'''Serval:''' What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::'''Serval:''' Just look at the decor &mdash; you can probably guess, right? It's a mechanical repairs shop, of course.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} You can fix all kinds of machines?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029409-->
::::'''Serval:''' Of course! There's nothing in Belobog that I can't fix.
::::'''Serval:''' Anything as small as a Geomarrow radiator to as large as a car engine &mdash; or even a Silvermane automaton &mdash; ah, but of course cars and automatons can't be dragged into this small room. I offer an outcall service for those.
::::'''Serval:''' As well as maintenance and renovations of everyday things, we also had a modding service &mdash; like fitting an external drill bit to a snowplow, or a ballistic computer to a toaster...
::::'''Serval:''' Put simply, the motto of our workshop is: Nothing is unfixable, as long as you can imagine it! Come see us if there's anything we can do, we'll give you a friendly price.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's business normally?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029414-->
::::'''Serval:''' Business? What's that?
::::'''Serval:''' Haha, just kidding. There's not much to say about our workshop's business. I make about as much as we spend each day.
::::'''Serval:''' But I don't plan on just working for a crust &mdash; life is short, so what's the point of just living to make money? If I've got the time, I'd rather be tinkering on my hobbies.
::::'''Serval:''' Ah, speaking of which... We sometimes put on rock gigs here at the workshop. Why don't you come check it out, if you like?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I see.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029419-->
::::'''Serval:''' What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard there are gigs here sometimes?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029421-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029421-->
:::'''Serval:''' That's right. Who told you that? They must have great taste!
:::'''Serval:''' Not many people up in the Overworld consider our rock art a "gig"... Most people just call it "noise," haha.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your band called?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029424-->
::::'''Serval:''' We're called Mechanical Fever &mdash; cool eh?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who's in your band?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029426-->
::::'''Serval:''' Ha, you've gotten straight to the point.
::::'''Serval:''' Guitar and vocals are handled by me, of course. The keyboardist is the youngest and cutest of us Landaus &mdash; Lynx.
::::'''Serval:''' On drums is Pela, one of the Silvermane Guards. She's always out on duty... These days, she should be out in the plaza watching over the kids.
::::'''Serval:''' As for the bassist, we don't have one...
::::'''Serval:''' And it's got something to do with Cocolia... I can't really say more than that.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} When's the next gig?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029432-->
::::'''Serval:''' Gig? Whenever we want~ If we want it, we do it &mdash; otherwise, we don't. That's rock music!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I understand.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029434-->
::::'''Serval:''' It's pretty rare to have someone like you who's so interested in our band. What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::'''Serval:''' That's right. Who told you that? They must have great taste!
:::'''Serval:''' Not many people up in the Overworld consider our rock art a "gig"... Most people just call it "noise," haha.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your band called?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029424-->
::::'''Serval:''' We're called Mechanical Fever &mdash; cool eh?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who's in your band?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029426-->
::::'''Serval:''' Ha, you've gotten straight to the point.
::::'''Serval:''' Guitar and vocals are handled by me, of course. The keyboardist is the youngest and cutest of us Landaus &mdash; Lynx.
::::'''Serval:''' On drums is Pela, one of the Silvermane Guards. She's always out on duty... These days, she should be out in the plaza watching over the kids.
::::'''Serval:''' As for the bassist, we don't have one...
::::'''Serval:''' And it's got something to do with Cocolia... I can't really say more than that.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} When's the next gig?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029432-->
::::'''Serval:''' Gig? Whenever we want~ If we want it, we do it &mdash; otherwise, we don't. That's rock music!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I understand.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029434-->
::::'''Serval:''' It's pretty rare to have someone like you who's so interested in our band. What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029436-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029436-->
:::'''Serval:''' Cool, I'll be free to chat later whenever you want.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "Mission_2011101_temp",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_201130201",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::'''Serval:''' Cool, I'll be free to chat later whenever you want.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "Mission_2011101_temp",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_201130201",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What does the workshop actually do?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029407-->
:::'''Serval:''' Just look at the decor &mdash; you can probably guess, right? It's a mechanical repairs shop, of course.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} You can fix all kinds of machines?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029409-->
::::'''Serval:''' Of course! There's nothing in Belobog that I can't fix.
::::'''Serval:''' Anything as small as a Geomarrow radiator to as large as a car engine &mdash; or even a Silvermane automaton &mdash; ah, but of course cars and automatons can't be dragged into this small room. I offer an outcall service for those.
::::'''Serval:''' As well as maintenance and renovations of everyday things, we also had a modding service &mdash; like fitting an external drill bit to a snowplow, or a ballistic computer to a toaster...
::::'''Serval:''' Put simply, the motto of our workshop is: Nothing is unfixable, as long as you can imagine it! Come see us if there's anything we can do, we'll give you a friendly price.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's business normally?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029414-->
::::'''Serval:''' Business? What's that?
::::'''Serval:''' Haha, just kidding. There's not much to say about our workshop's business. I make about as much as we spend each day.
::::'''Serval:''' But I don't plan on just working for a crust &mdash; life is short, so what's the point of just living to make money? If I've got the time, I'd rather be tinkering on my hobbies.
::::'''Serval:''' Ah, speaking of which... We sometimes put on rock gigs here at the workshop. Why don't you come check it out, if you like?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I see.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029419-->
::::'''Serval:''' What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard there are gigs here sometimes?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029421-->
:::'''Serval:''' That's right. Who told you that? They must have great taste!
:::'''Serval:''' Not many people up in the Overworld consider our rock art a "gig"... Most people just call it "noise," haha.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your band called?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029424-->
::::'''Serval:''' We're called Mechanical Fever &mdash; cool eh?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who's in your band?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029426-->
::::'''Serval:''' Ha, you've gotten straight to the point.
::::'''Serval:''' Guitar and vocals are handled by me, of course. The keyboardist is the youngest and cutest of us Landaus &mdash; Lynx.
::::'''Serval:''' On drums is Pela, one of the Silvermane Guards. She's always out on duty... These days, she should be out in the plaza watching over the kids.
::::'''Serval:''' As for the bassist, we don't have one...
::::'''Serval:''' And it's got something to do with Cocolia... I can't really say more than that.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} When's the next gig?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029432-->
::::'''Serval:''' Gig? Whenever we want~ If we want it, we do it &mdash; otherwise, we don't. That's rock music!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I understand.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029434-->
::::'''Serval:''' It's pretty rare to have someone like you who's so interested in our band. What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029436-->
:::'''Serval:''' Cool, I'll be free to chat later whenever you want.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "Mission_2011101_temp",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_201130201",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What does the workshop actually do?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029407-->
:::'''Serval:''' Just look at the decor &mdash; you can probably guess, right? It's a mechanical repairs shop, of course.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_18-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} You can fix all kinds of machines?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029409-->
::::'''Serval:''' Of course! There's nothing in Belobog that I can't fix.
::::'''Serval:''' Anything as small as a Geomarrow radiator to as large as a car engine &mdash; or even a Silvermane automaton &mdash; ah, but of course cars and automatons can't be dragged into this small room. I offer an outcall service for those.
::::'''Serval:''' As well as maintenance and renovations of everyday things, we also had a modding service &mdash; like fitting an external drill bit to a snowplow, or a ballistic computer to a toaster...
::::'''Serval:''' Put simply, the motto of our workshop is: Nothing is unfixable, as long as you can imagine it! Come see us if there's anything we can do, we'll give you a friendly price.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's business normally?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029414-->
::::'''Serval:''' Business? What's that?
::::'''Serval:''' Haha, just kidding. There's not much to say about our workshop's business. I make about as much as we spend each day.
::::'''Serval:''' But I don't plan on just working for a crust &mdash; life is short, so what's the point of just living to make money? If I've got the time, I'd rather be tinkering on my hobbies.
::::'''Serval:''' Ah, speaking of which... We sometimes put on rock gigs here at the workshop. Why don't you come check it out, if you like?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I see.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029419-->
::::'''Serval:''' What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard there are gigs here sometimes?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029421-->
:::'''Serval:''' That's right. Who told you that? They must have great taste!
:::'''Serval:''' Not many people up in the Overworld consider our rock art a "gig"... Most people just call it "noise," haha.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_201150199_35-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your band called?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029424-->
::::'''Serval:''' We're called Mechanical Fever &mdash; cool eh?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who's in your band?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029426-->
::::'''Serval:''' Ha, you've gotten straight to the point.
::::'''Serval:''' Guitar and vocals are handled by me, of course. The keyboardist is the youngest and cutest of us Landaus &mdash; Lynx.
::::'''Serval:''' On drums is Pela, one of the Silvermane Guards. She's always out on duty... These days, she should be out in the plaza watching over the kids.
::::'''Serval:''' As for the bassist, we don't have one...
::::'''Serval:''' And it's got something to do with Cocolia... I can't really say more than that.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} When's the next gig?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029432-->
::::'''Serval:''' Gig? Whenever we want~ If we want it, we do it &mdash; otherwise, we don't. That's rock music!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I understand.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029434-->
::::'''Serval:''' It's pretty rare to have someone like you who's so interested in our band. What else would you like to chat about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029436-->
:::'''Serval:''' Cool, I'll be free to chat later whenever you want.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "Mission_2011101_temp",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_201130201",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029404-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101030101-->)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's chat some other time.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029407: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10101/F10101007_G5/Act/Act_501029407.json-->
::'''Serval:''' Alright, come back soon!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029407-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_404012612)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404012612-->
::'''Serval:''' Did you get the picture? Let me see...
::'''Serval:''' Hmm? I can't see myself in the picture...
::'''Serval:''' Haha. You're not too bad! I want to get you to take my picture for a magazine cover.
::'''Serval:''' Anyway, get that picture to her. If she isn't satisfied, then come back. I'm free anytime!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Serval
|zhs  = 希露瓦
|zht  = 希露瓦
|ja   = セーバル
|ko   = 서벌
|es   = Serval
|fr   = Serval
|ru   = Сервал
|th   = Serval
|vi   = Serval
|de   = Serval
|id   = Serval
|pt   = Serval
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}