<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dahao#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Realm-Keeping Official
|image           = NPC Dahao.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Dahao''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery|npc_14_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202010303-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202010366: Config/Level/Mission/2020103/Act/Act202010366.json-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 118.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' *sigh* Such a serious matter &mdash; I'm sorry I can't be of much help to you. The assistance is appreciated &mdash; stay safe.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202010302-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202010366: Config/Level/Mission/2020103/Act/Act202010366.json-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 118.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' *sigh* Such a serious matter &mdash; I'm sorry I can't be of much help to you. The assistance is appreciated &mdash; stay safe.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Otherwise)
:;(First interaction)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502020101: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G43/Act/Act_502020101.json-->
:::'''Dahao:''' I always feel like we're missing something here at the Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery, but I can never remember what. You've come at just the right time &mdash; help me rule out some possibilities. Say, tell me, what do you think our office is missing?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: 502020101_Option-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: 502020101_Option-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Promo materials showcasing the work of the Realm-Keeping Commission.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502020103-->
::::'''Dahao:''' Not that...
::::'''Dahao:''' I raised this with Jingyan before, whether we should be better at promoting how good the Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery is at what it does. But she gave me a list of all the things we've done recently, and there isn't really anything to be proud of.
::::'''Dahao:''' Once we crack a major case that even the Ten-Lords Commission can't solve, then I'll let the whole Exalting Sanctum know about how great the Realm-Keeping Commission is... Until then, we'll keep things on the down-low.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Small ornaments that make this place feel alive.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502020107-->
::::'''Dahao:''' Make the place feel alive... Actually, I've thought about that.
::::'''Dahao:''' I'm a big fan of alcoholic nectar and once stashed two bottles of Nectar of Willow Woods at the Chancery, but Officer Jingyan threw them out. She said this is the workplace and it would be undignified if anyone found out.
::::'''Dahao:''' I also like pretty foxian actresses, so I've put up a couple of their pictures on my desk to perk up my spirits. But Officer Jingyan confiscated those too. She said this is the workplace and those images are indecent.
::::'''Dahao:''' *sigh* The only way the Realm-Keeping Commission feels alive is through all the courier parcels on the ground.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} A Realm-Keeping Commission Officer who is actually productive at work.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502020112-->
::::'''Dahao:''' {{MC|f=Young lady|m=Young man}}, that remark is uncalled for. At least Officer Jingyan is doing her work. As long as Officer Jingyan is here, then the Realm-Keeping Commission lives up to its name.
::::'''Dahao:''' That Songyan kid may be lazy, but he's smart. I have high hopes for his future.
::::'''Dahao:''' Naturally, if anything actually happens to Exalting Sanctum, you'll find me to be an extremely reliable officer.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is now really the time to be thinking about that?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502020116-->
::::'''Dahao:''' Yeah, I can't figure it out even if I rack my brain. I think I'll play a few rounds of Celestial Jade after work and think it through then.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502020101_10-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502020101_10-->
::::'''Dahao:''' Alright, let's get down to business. {{MC|f=Young lady|m=Young man}}, what do you want?
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:;(Subsequent interactions)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502020102: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G43/Act/Act_502020102.json-->
:::'''Dahao:''' Things would be a lot easier around here if the General Affairs Office stopped holding so many pointless meetings... So, {{MC|f=young lady|m=young man}}, how can I help you today?
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--performance 202010301 has not been seen--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202010301-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} When I was dealing with the mara-struck, I found this...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202010361: Config/Level/Mission/2020103/Act/Act202010361.json-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202010301--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202010301-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I heard you require my assistance?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202010301: Config/Level/Mission/2020103/Act/Act202010301.json-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 101 f.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Oh, that's right! Forgive my forgetfulness &mdash; glad you came, (Trailblazer)! It's great to have one of the general's distinguished guests helping us out.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 102.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' My Realm-Keeping Commission colleagues failed to provide adequate care for the Dragon Lady. I'd like to thank you on behalf of all of them for rescuing her back in Exalting Sanctum Plaza.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} All in a day's work.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's cut to the chase, shall we?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160006-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 103.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' As I'm sure you're aware, symptoms of mara have been spreading ever since the Stellaron incident occurred.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 104.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Thanks to the Ten-Lords Commission, being stricken with mara had long since become a terrifying but avoidable fate for Xianzhou natives... The puzzling thing is that despite the Commission's protection, we're now seeing an increase.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 105.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' More and more citizens &mdash; in particular those dealing with great risks and stress like the Cloud Knights &mdash; are becoming stricken with mara.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 106.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Moreover, the mara-struck have taken on a horrifying appearance &mdash; as if they're turning into some sort of monster... This certainly differs from what I thought I knew about the illness.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, you need me to eliminate the mara-struck?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160011-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 107.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' We wouldn't have the audacity to trouble you with that &mdash; the general has a plan to suppress the illness.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you think there might be a hidden agenda at play?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160013-->
:::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 108.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' That appears to be the case &mdash; no smoke without fire, as they say... Despite being just a servant of the Realm-Keeping Commission, spending a considerable amount of time on the front lines has sharpened my senses to potential dangers...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202160014-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160014-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 109.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' You're a capable person, and since the general entrusted you with locating the Stellaron, it's only a matter of time before you run into mara-struck...
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 110.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' If you come across any clues, remember to inform the Realm-Keeping Commission straight away. My colleagues and I will handle any situation with haste and to the best of our ability.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 111.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Speaking of which, have you made any discoveries so far?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SelectMissionItem",
	"ItemIDList": [
		140186,
		402001,
		140175,
		402003
	],
	"ItemHiddenIDList": [],
	"ItemSelect": [
		{
			"Item1": 140186,
			"TriggerCustomString": "140186_SubmitSucceed"
		}
	],
	"SlotNum": 1,
	"SimpleTalk": {},
	"OnSubmitSucceed": [],
	"OnSubmitFail": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_202160018"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	]
}</pre>
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030502--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202010301-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} It's about the Dragon Lady?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030502: Config/Level/Mission/2020305/Act/Act202030502.json-->
::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 101 f.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Yes, you have extraordinary skills, and you earned her trust when you rescued her...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Earned her trust? When did that happen?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050103-->
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 102.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' You rescued her from the mara-struck... I'd say she's forever in your debt.
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 103.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' If you go see her, I'm sure she won't run away.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why do people here keep making me run errands?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050106-->
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 104.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' If I had more people, I wouldn't have to ask for external help. But as things stand...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Okay, I'll do it!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050108-->
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 105.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Hah, that was fast! Thanks for your help.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202050109-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050109-->
::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 106.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Here's the situation: Lady Bailu, the Vidyadhara Dragon Lady, has escaped from the Alchemy Commission again. I say "again" because the Realm-Keeping Commission has seen more than a few of her bad-tempered escapes.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_202030502_20-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_202030502_20-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Vidyadhara?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050111-->
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 107.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' This must be your first time on the Xianzhou... It's a long story. The Vidyadhara is one of the three races that established the Xianzhou Alliance.
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 108.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Their bloodline is different from us Xianzhou natives. The Vidyadhara are born with great vitality, the gift of the Permanence, as they say.
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 109.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' That's all you need to know. The rest is irrelevant to what's happening today.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What does a Dragon Lady do exactly?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050115-->
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 110.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' A Dragon Lady... isn't an official position. People address her that way out of love.
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 111.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' The Vidyadhara "high elder," on the other hand, is a position similar to a chief &mdash; it's been passed down from generation to generation. But only the Vidyadhara that possess draconic features and inherit the dragon heart can be successors.
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 112.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' And Miss Bailu is the Vidyadhara's future high elder on the Luofu.
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 113.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' The rumor has always been that she can heal the wounded merely by touching them and shedding tears. She also studied medicine in the Alchemy Commission. That's why her other title is "Healer Lady."
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} She escaped? Was she imprisoned?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050120-->
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 114.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Not imprisoned exactly... Vidyadhara customs are somewhat different from Xianzhou native customs. Miss Bailu has incredible talents and is next in line to rule over the Vidyadhara &mdash; it's normal that her people would want to keep a close eye on her.
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 115.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' However, she also has a somewhat free spirit... She always manages to find a way to escape her residence.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm listening.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050123-->
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 116.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' It used to be the duty of the Realm-Keeping Commission to go after her and take her back to the Alchemy Commission.
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 117.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' But, this time is different. Because of the Stellaron crisis, we're constantly short of manpower. Besides, even if we catch the Dragon Lady, we can't take her back anytime soon.
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 118.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' I don't know if you heard &mdash; someone locked down the delves connected to the Alchemy Commission.
:::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 119.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Now nobody can get in or out &mdash; it's completely cut off. Something very fishy is going on.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_202030502_39-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_202030502_39-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} So how did the Dragon Lady get out?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050128-->
::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 120.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' That's what I want to know. I guess she sneaked out before the delves were locked down. She might even know what happened in the Alchemy Commission...
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} But I saw doctors...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050130-->
::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 121.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Those doctors came from apothecaries in other delves. I've asked them, and they don't have the slightest clue what's going on.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then... is there really anything I can do?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050132-->
::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 122.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' I'd like you to help with two things. First, find the Dragon Lady and take care of her until the Alchemy Commission delves are reopened. Don't lose sight of her.
::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 123.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' The second thing might be a bit hard to understand... I want you to stop her from treating the mara-struck.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_202030502_48-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_202030502_48-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can't the Realm-Keeping Commission take care of her?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050135-->
:::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 124.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Like I said &mdash; we don't have enough people! The Dragon Lady is smart. If we try to keep her in the Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery, she'll sneak out the first chance she gets. Trust me, it's happened before...
:::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 125.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Besides, it isn't a crime for her to run away from her residence. And even if it were, given her status, we couldn't exactly stick her in jail and throw away the key! You're the only person we can turn to.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why stop her from treating the mara-struck?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050138-->
:::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 126.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Being stricken with mara isn't like catching a curable disease. All the Healer Lady can do is slow the process.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not a disease?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050140-->
:::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 127.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Take you short-life species as an example. Do you consider aging a disease?
:::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 128.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Aging can be slowed, but it's still unavoidable &mdash; just like being stricken with mara for the people of the Xianzhou... Unfortunately, becoming mara-struck is more terrifying than death. It's an inevitable curse in the blood of Xianzhou natives.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Then, what can be done for them?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050143-->
:::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 129.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' The Xianzhou has long had other methods. When mara is about to strike, the spiritfarers and judges of the Ten-Lords Commission promptly take the afflicted away. It's not something the Alchemy Commission should be meddling in.
:::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 130.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Mara is scary, but it won't cause any harm if you have it under control. We have the Realm-Keeping Commission and Cloud Knights here in Exalting Sanctum &mdash; more than enough to handle any eventuality.
:::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 131.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' However, the Dragon Lady's mara-suppression could lead to mara-struck falling under the Ten-Lords Commission's radar. If we let her carry on, we'll have mara-struck on every street corner &mdash; people will panic!
:::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 132.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Seeing as we're already dealing with one crisis, we need to be extra vigilant when dealing with the mara-struck. This is not something that can be taken lightly.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see. Leave it to me.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050148-->
:::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 133.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' You're the distinguished guest of General Jing Yuan and Diviner Fu Xuan. As such, you also have the full trust of the Realm-Keeping Commission.
:::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 134.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Oh, one more thing... There's a lot of suspicion surrounding the Alchemy Commission these days. If you discover someone from the commission on the hunt for the Dragon Lady, watch your step.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It'll be a piece of cake.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050151-->
::::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 135.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Great!
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Babysitting? No thanks, I'd rather watch paint dry.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050153-->
::::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 136.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' There's no other way. The Realm-Keeping Commission will pay you handsomely for your help.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have a feeling this is more complicated than it sounds...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202050155-->
::::::{{A|VO side2 bl1 dahao 137.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Bah, don't fret. Looking after children is a pain, but as the general's distinguished guest, I know you'll do great.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: 202010301_Finish-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: 202010301_Finish-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202020303-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030502-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202010301-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} (Report Todd)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202020303: Config/Level/Mission/2020203/Act/Act202020303.json-->
::Dahao patiently listens to you recount the story, expressionless the whole time.
::'''Dahao:''' Tsk, there's always a Guild scout who reckons that the Alliance's taboos are just hypocritical lies and not for them...
::'''Dahao:''' "Immortality Theft" is one of the most grievous of felonies and is absolutely unpardonable. I'll report this to the Ten-Lords Commission. Thanks, (Trailblazer).
::'''Dahao:''' Mr. Todd's customs clearance docket and check-in details from the inn have been saved to the document office at the Realm-Keeping Commission. No matter how many more years his newfound youth affords him, he'll be spending the majority of it behind bars at The Shackling Prison.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202020303-->
:{{DIcon}} I've got a few things to ask.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502020103: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G43/Act/Act_502020103.json-->
::'''Dahao:''' I won't be able to answer if it's too difficult. You can ask Officer Jingyan instead.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502020101_32-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502020101_32-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What does an officer do every day?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502020121-->
:::'''Dahao:''' Officers are managers in the Chancery, responsible for coordinating all local internal and external affairs &mdash; that's the surface definition. Actually, the main job involves going to meetings at the Realm-Keeping Commission's General Affairs Office and spreading their ideas.
:::'''Dahao:''' Honestly, I'm not very good at these clerical jobs. I used to be the leader for a Cloud Knight squad that reported directly to General Jing Yuan. Are you surprised? I'm like a fish in water when it comes to weaponry. Not when it comes to office meetings.
:::'''Dahao:''' However, veteran soldiers are far more likely than everyday citizens to be stricken with mara &mdash; something to do with post-traumatic stress. Anyways, it's very dangerous.
:::'''Dahao:''' So they transferred me here to be an officer. There's no life-or-death situations here, but it ain't easy work. I don't know exactly what I'm doing, but I know that I'm busy.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Officer Jingyan seems very capable.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502020126-->
:::'''Dahao:''' She's the most capable girl I've ever met. No matter what the job is, she will get it done.
:::'''Dahao:''' She used to be my subordinate back when I was still in the Cloud Knights, and she came over with me when I was transferred to the Realm-Keeping Commission. I taught her everything I knew, but for some reason she chose to stick around...
:::'''Dahao:''' Sometimes I even wonder whether this work at the Realm-Keeping Commission is hindering her future career prospects. But I've never actually said it out loud, and she's become an indispensable part of the Chancery.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Officer Songyan doesn't seem very motivated?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502020130-->
:::'''Dahao:''' That little punk wasn't always this way. Apparently he used to be an elite at the General Affairs Office &mdash; but he became completely demotivated after some kind of setback, and was transferred to our jurisdiction.
:::'''Dahao:''' At any other workplace, he'd be cast aside for being so lazy, right? But I want to give him some more time. He's just not ready yet.
:::'''Dahao:''' We have no way of really understanding him, but at least we can give him "enough time," be it decades or centuries. That's one of the few great benefits of living in a long-life society.
:::'''Dahao:''' Of course, I don't think time alone is enough to solve every problem. If he doesn't make changes for himself, then the problems he's facing will never change either.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's enough chit-chat.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502020135-->
:::'''Dahao:''' Alright, it's time for me to watch the news anyway. See you later.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502020103-->
;(If {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} The disaster is over, are you guys still busy?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502020104: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502020104.json-->
::'''Dahao:''' Thanks to you, we aren't as busy as before. However, as the Realm-Keeping Commission manages basically everything in both the sky and the world, we can never be idle.
::'''Dahao:''' Organizing post-disaster reconstruction, pursuing the Sanctus Medicus remnants, and arresting looters... Alas, there is plenty of work to be done despite the disaster being over...
::'''Dahao:''' The good thing is that Jingyan is very capable, and Songyan is... doing okay. Thanks to their help, I'm not overwhelmed by the workload.
::'''Dahao:''' I think I'll need a lot more help from you in the future... Don't turn me down when the time comes. Let me thank you in advance.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502020104-->
;(If {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's enough chit-chat.
::'''Dahao:''' Alright, it's time for me to watch the news anyway. See you later.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; 140186_SubmitSucceed)
:<!--Custom String Listener: 140186_SubmitSucceed-->
::Dahao carefully reads the letter you delivered. His expression reflects his disbelief as he reads it again.
::{{Black Screen|Dahao sweats profusely as he apologizes and bolts away. After a while, he returns with a girl.}}
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 114.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' I... I read the letter...
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 115.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' I'll be honest with you, I've got no idea how to handle this problem &mdash; it's beyond the Realm-Keeping Commission's jurisdiction. I contacted the Seat of Divine Foresight, which is overseen by the general.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 116.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' ...Allow me to introduce Madam Qingzu, General Jing Yuan's chief counselor.

:<!--Custom String Listener: 140186_SubmitSucceed-->
::Dahao carefully reads the letter you delivered. His expression reflects his disbelief as he reads it again.
::{{Black Screen|Dahao sweats profusely as he apologizes and bolts away. After a while, he returns with a girl.}}
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 114.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' I... I read the letter...
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 115.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' I'll be honest with you, I've got no idea how to handle this problem &mdash; it's beyond the Realm-Keeping Commission's jurisdiction. I contacted the Seat of Divine Foresight, which is overseen by the general.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 116.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' ...Allow me to introduce Madam Qingzu, General Jing Yuan's chief counselor.
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_202160018)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160018-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 112.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Uh... What's this? Looks pretty ordinary to me.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 113 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 113 f.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' C'mon now, (Trailblazer), this is a serious matter &mdash; there's no time for jokes.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->

:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202160018-->
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 112.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' Uh... What's this? Looks pretty ordinary to me.
::{{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 113 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 ywmc1 dahao 113 f.ogg}} '''Dahao:''' C'mon now, (Trailblazer), this is a serious matter &mdash; there's no time for jokes.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Dahao
|zhs  = 大毫
|zht  = 大毫
|ja   = 大毫
|ko   = 대호
|es   = Dahao
|fr   = Dahao
|ru   = Дахао
|th   = Dahao
|vi   = Dahao
|de   = Dahao
|id   = Dahao
|pt   = Dahao
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}