<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Songyan#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Realm-Keeping Official
|image           = NPC Songyan.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Songyan''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery|npc_14_400003}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502033101: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G43/Act/Act_502033101.json-->
::'''Songyan:''' Ah~ If the Realm-Keeping Commission could give me the cash directly and let me stay at home all day without doing this troublesome job, that'd be great.
::'''Songyan:''' Anyway, it doesn't matter what I do or not do, the results are always gonna be the same. Why not cut out this middle part...
::'''Songyan:''' Hm? Eavesdropping is rude, {{MC|f=lady|m=sir}}, you know. What's up? If it's something important, please go to Official Dahao, and for literally anything else, please approach Officer Jingyan.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So... You just don't deal with anything?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033105-->
:::'''Songyan:''' I'm the Realm-Keeping Commission's Most Intelligent, and I only show up when those two get stuck. In other words, I'm the Ultimate Trump Card. Do you lead with your ace when you're playing tiles?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's only three officers staffing this tiny Chancery...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033107-->
::::'''Songyan:''' What about it? There can be a trump card hidden among three people.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're just spouting nonsense, aren't you?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033109-->
::::'''Songyan:''' There's a saying. "Of three people, one will be a slacker." If I call dibs on slacking off, then the other two can't.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What issues would you be handling normally?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033111-->
:::'''Songyan:''' I'm the kind of person who hates inconvenience. If you have any kind of work that's not too tiring, not too troublesome &mdash; then I'm down for that.
:::'''Songyan:''' I'm the Realm-Keeping Commission's Most Intelligent, and I only show up when those two get stuck. Just look at those two, and I'm mainly talking about the Officer Jingyan here &mdash; still going at it so hard, so I don't have to.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I just so happen to have a really thorny problem that I could use your help with...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033114-->
::::'''Songyan:''' No no no, any thorny problem should be handed over to Jingyan. She's the main backbone of the Realm-Keeping Commission.
::::'''Songyan:''' Have you heard of this saying before? "With little power comes little responsibility." The little refers to me.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm going to tell Officer Jingyan right now.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033117-->
::::'''Songyan:''' Doesn't matter, mate. A person like her is born to work hard, and she never trusts what I do. Also, every time when there are "outstanding troubles" to deal with, she'll just complete it for me, personally.
::::'''Songyan:''' So telling her anything would just be adding to her troubles. I urge you not to do this.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502033119-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033119-->
::'''Songyan:''' *sigh* {{MC|f=Miss|m=My man}}, put aside your judgmental look. I've put in the hours working long and hard before, and I was, once upon a time, considered an elite officer of the General Affairs.
::'''Songyan:''' Besides, why do I work at the Realm-Keeping Commission? If it weren't for my failed investments... With all the curves on the chart going down, and only the prices are going up. Working has become a necessary option.
::'''Songyan:''' I hustled, and I failed. Now, this is the best effort I can put into work right now.
::'''Songyan:''' Hey, don't leave just yet. As long as we're chatting here, there won't be any new tasks assigned to me. Let's chat a little longer, {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}}.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502033102: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G43/Act/Act_502033102.json-->
::'''Songyan:''' Mystery novels are really popular around the Exalting Sanctum these days, right? Those armchair detectives crack cases just by sitting on their couch and following the story... I'd love to be an 'armchair officer' like them!
::'''Songyan:''' How's it going, {{MC|f=miss|m=man}}? Got anything you'd like to talk about? Anything but work!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Fine, let's chat for a while.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502033103: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G43/Act/Act_502033103.json-->
::'''Songyan:''' Thanks for doing that for me, {{MC|f=lady|m=man}}. Let's talk about literally anything.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502033101_41-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502033101_41-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} So what do you actually get up to at the Realm-Keeping Commission?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033126-->
:::'''Songyan:''' Based on my observations, Jingyan basically does everything. Dealing with fraud, riots, various emergencies, and criminal investigations. "When there's trouble, call the Realm-Keeping Commission" really is a common saying about the Xianzhou Luofu.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you mean based on your observation?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033128-->
::::'''Songyan:''' That's just the conclusion I made from my day-to-day observations.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you do, then?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033130-->
::::'''Songyan:''' As the Realm-Keeping Commission's Most Intelligent, naturally I engage in cerebral activity.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502033131-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033131-->
:::'''Songyan:''' Of course I get some work done. Residents with lost cats, dogs, aurumaton puppets, or missing household ingenia &mdash; that's my wheelhouse. I would apply for field work, and then check out the teahouse to investigate.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds very casual to me.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033133-->
::::'''Songyan:''' Well, you know, investigations. I like to think chatting is also one form of investigating. Admiring the scenery is an investigation too. When you solve a case, you're praised &mdash; but if you don't, nobody even blames you. This is the kind of job I like.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502033136-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033136-->
::::'''Songyan:''' I might be lower in the Chancery's pecking order than even Diting, but I never lose courage. As long as I never try to live up to expectations, there's nothing to get mad about.
::::'''Songyan:''' If you hear about a rich lady who needs her dog walked all day, let me know. I can quit my job at the Realm-Keeping Commission any time.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't you have any sense of duty?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033135-->
::::'''Songyan:''' That's such a serious accusation. I used to be a very responsible officer too. In fact, it's because I was too responsible that I paid a heavy price... Now, I don't dare take on any more responsibility.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502033136-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033136-->
::::'''Songyan:''' I might be lower in the Chancery's pecking order than even Diting, but I never lose courage. As long as I never try to live up to expectations, there's nothing to get mad about.
::::'''Songyan:''' If you hear about a rich lady who needs her dog walked all day, let me know. I can quit my job at the Realm-Keeping Commission any time.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} This Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery sure is a small place.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033139-->
:::'''Songyan:''' After all, we only look after one zone.
:::'''Songyan:''' The Realm-Keeping Commission is the general affairs organization of the Xianzhou Luofu, and also the institution that engages with the public of Luofu most often. Every zone has its own Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery to keep up with the needs of citizens.
:::'''Songyan:''' There are many other Chanceries aboard the Xianzhou Luofu, and they're all pretty small in size, but large in amount.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How have you not been fired yet...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033143-->
:::'''Songyan:''' There's no need to be like that. I may not be diligent in my work, but I haven't committed any severe fireable offenses yet.
:::'''Songyan:''' Let me put it this way. Even Almighty Officer Jingyan has clashed with people who came for official business because she's not tactful enough. And that's where I come in, and things will go more smoothly.
:::'''Songyan:''' Everyone has their place in a place like this. Just let the gears turn as they do, and the chains pull as they do.
:::'''Songyan:''' I have heard some Outworlders talking about workplace culture back in their homeworld. Work attitudes like mine would have long been driven out of their version of Realm-Keeping Commissions. Ah, I do proclaim the Xianzhou Luofu to be a far superior place.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's enough chit-chat, then.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502033148-->
:::'''Songyan:''' Alright, if you have problems need solving, trouble Jingyan. And if you have time need killing, you're welcome to chat with me.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502033103-->
;(If {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} The disaster is over, are you guys still busy?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502033104: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502033104.json-->
::'''Songyan:''' To be honest, it feels even busier than when things were at their most chaotic at the Luofu. I don't get it. How is it that after everything is over, I only find myself getting busier and busier...
::'''Songyan:''' Later on, I found out the reason. It was because Jingyan and Dahao were free enough to deal with me after the disaster ended.
::'''Songyan:''' Before, I could take advantage of the chaos and slack off a bit, but I actually have to do work now... Ugh, this is giving me a headache.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502033104-->
;(If {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's enough chit-chat, then.
::'''Songyan:''' Alright, if you have problems need solving, trouble Jingyan. And if you have time need killing, you're welcome to chat with me.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Songyan
|zhs  = 松烟
|zht  = 松煙
|ja   = 松煙
|ko   = 송연
|es   = Songyan
|fr   = Songyan
|ru   = Сунъянь
|th   = Songyan
|vi   = Songyan
|de   = Songyan
|id   = Songyan
|pt   = Songyan
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}