<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Antonia#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Supervisor
|image           = NPC Antonia.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Jarilo-VI
|location        = Pillars of Creation
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Antonia''' is an NPC on [[Jarilo-VI]], located in [[Pillars of Creation]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Pillars of Creation|npc_21_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501027702: Config/Level/Mission/5010277/Act/Act501027702.json-->
:'''Antonia:''' Hello again, outsider. What brings you here, business or something personal?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you responsible for the Pillars of Creation construction project, too?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027751-->
::'''Antonia:''' Oh? You flatter me. Such an important project is naturally overseen by the Supreme Guardian.
::'''Antonia:''' As for me, I make sure that the workers are all fed and clothed, that is my greatest contribution.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you think the Engine of Creation can be fixed?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027754-->
:::'''Antonia:''' Of course, it has to be.
:::'''Antonia:''' Everyone has already worked so hard for this, do you think there is anything that they cannot do?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are your thoughts on the Engine of Creation?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027757-->
:::'''Antonia:''' It is large, grand, and requires greater foresight than any underground construction project. It is a vessel of our hope.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501027758-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027758-->
::'''Antonia:''' I've heard about what happened before, that you and the Supreme Guardian fought for this opportunity together. Naturally, we want to seize it.
::'''Antonia:''' In order to keep the construction underway, I donated a portion of my savings to the construction team. It's the best investment I've ever made.
::'''Antonia:''' We worked hard to make it back up to the surface, I don't want it to all be for nothing.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's about it. I will leave you to your work.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027727-->
::'''Antonia:''' Okay. I'm looking forward to working with you sometime. I have to figure out scheduling, so I'll talk to you later.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Antonia
|zhs  = 安东尼娜
|zht  = 安東尼娜
|ja   = アントニア
|ko   = 안토니아
|es   = Antonia
|fr   = Antonia
|ru   = Антонина
|th   = Antonia
|vi   = Antonia
|de   = Antonia
|id   = Antonia
|pt   = Antônia
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}