<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Fersman#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Old Foreman
|image           = NPC Fersman.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Jarilo-VI
|location        = Pillars of Creation
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Fersman''' is an NPC on [[Jarilo-VI]], located in [[Pillars of Creation]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Pillars of Creation|npc_20_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501031101: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P20135/NPCAct/Act501031101.json-->
::'''Fersman:''' Hey, if it isn't (Trailblazer)! It's been a while.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you here to help, too, Mr. Fersman?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031103-->
::'''Fersman:''' Haha, as you see, the Pillars of Creation is a big project that concerns all of Belobog. How can I just sit around doing nothing?
::'''Fersman:''' While I may not be as tough as I was in my younger days, I've spent decades in the mines, and I'm more than capable of guiding the young'uns.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501031102: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P20135/NPCAct/Act501031102.json-->
::'''Fersman:''' Hey there, (Trailblazer). Thank you for taking care of Hook.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I have a few questions for you.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501031103: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P20135/NPCAct/Act501031103.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_501031103_32-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_501031103_32-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Any updates about the "vein detector"?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031114-->
:::'''Fersman:''' Oh, you mean last time, right?
:::'''Fersman:''' Balaway came to me and said he wanted to buy my Geomarrow Probe.
:::'''Fersman:''' But that was a gift from Hook, so I didn't sell it to him.
:::'''Fersman:''' Moreover, with this planet now fully accessible, Underworlders no longer need to fight over veins.
:::'''Fersman:''' That detector was an ancient relic to begin with, so let's just leave the past in the past.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How is the Pillars of Creation Project going...?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031120-->
:::'''Fersman:''' How should I put it...
:::'''Fersman:''' As you see, this machine is massive... and its composition is complicated... Even with our best efforts, there's no way we can fix it in just a day or two.
:::'''Fersman:''' Plus, who knows how long we can keep up this momentum?
:::'''Fersman:''' At least now this old man can do something useful again, and that's good enough for me. Now that I've contributed to this great cause, I won't have any regrets...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You look like you're in a good mood.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031125-->
:::'''Fersman:''' Hahaha, yeah! I thought I'd never see the blue sky again.
:::'''Fersman:''' With all the channels between the Overworld and the Underworld reopened, I no longer have to worry about Hook's future.
:::'''Fersman:''' That's all I've ever wanted in my life, and now it's all happening. How can I not be happy, right?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's Hook doing?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031129-->
:::'''Fersman:''' Well, she has been livelier than ever since she breathed in the fresh air of the Overworld.
:::'''Fersman:''' Recently, she's been tinkering with a "portable communicator" or something, and she has even showed me the moving pictures inside... Young people are always quick to embrace new stuff...
:::'''Fersman:''' I'm planning to enroll her in a public school in Belobog so that she can learn more and broaden her horizons.
:::'''Fersman:''' One day, she'll have to leave my care and become a reliable adult... something I've never dared to imagine before.
:::'''Fersman:''' I wonder what path she will take in the future... Ah, it would be great if she could make it into Cadet School! All graduates from there have promising futures...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Take care.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031135-->
:::'''Fersman:''' Great, have a safe journey!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501031103-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Take care.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501031104: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P20135/NPCAct/Act501031104.json-->
::'''Fersman:''' Great, have a safe journey!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501031104-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Fersman
|zhs  = 费施曼
|zht  = 費斯曼
|ja   = フェスマン
|ko   = 퍼스맨
|es   = Fersman
|fr   = Fersman
|ru   = Рыбак
|th   = Fersman
|vi   = Ngư Dân
|de   = Fersman
|id   = Fishman
|pt   = Fersman
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}