<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Note from Cerydra#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 596
|partIds      = 191936
|title        = 
|image        = Item A Note from Cerydra.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A note from the starry sea of memory, delivered with a gift. It rests in your hand with a comforting, substantial weight.
|part1        = A Note from Cerydra
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''A Note from Cerydra''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
To the Deliverer from beyond the sky,<br /><div align="center">The game is decided. Your conquest and mine are done.<br />
But you should know this battle is by no means the end of the Imperator's path.<br />
I have seen that the universe is far more vast than what mortal eyes can behold.<br />
Even if I must relive this life, I shall one day travel beyond the sky, even if it takes a thousand ages.<br />
Then, I will resume the great journey, until my conquest among the sea of stars is complete.<br />
This is not a vision for Amphoreus, but an ironclad law I decree for my empire:<br />
"Your people shall march across the wilds, taking the very universe as their granary, and slaying all foes who must be slain."<br />
Accept this king piece as a testament to this law and as a bounty from your Imperator.<br />
It followed me into battle, rode with me across the plains, returned with me in triumph, and was with me as I shattered the laws of nations.<br />
Now, like a weight I cast upon the scales, it shall compel victory to bow to you.

Carry this piece to a grander board.<br />
And when the Imperator returns, you can fight for my law once more.<br />
Or defy it, and challenge me to a game.

The Imperator of Amphoreus</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Note from Cerydra
|zhs  = 一页寄语：刻律德菈
|zht  = 一頁贈言：刻律德菈
|ja   = 一枚のメモ：ケリュドラ
|ko   = 한 장의 메시지: 케리드라
|es   = Una nota de Céridra
|fr   = Note de Cérydra
|ru   = Обращение Керидры
|th   = ข้อความหนึ่งหน้า: Cerydra
|vi   = Lời Nhắn Từ Cerydra
|de   = Eine Nachricht von Cerydra
|id   = Satu Halaman Pesan: Cerydra
|pt   = Um Bilhete da Cerydra
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}