<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Note from Hyacine#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 598
|partIds      = 191938
|title        = 
|image        = Item A Note from Hyacine.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A note from the starry sea of memory, delivered with a gift. It gives off the clear and reassuring aroma of medicinal herbs.
|part1        = A Note from Hyacine
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''A Note from Hyacine''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
To my dearest Grayie,

<div align="center">Hand in hand, we shattered the firmament of the old gods,<br />
bringing clear skies and a long-overdue rainbow to the people of this world.<br />
It was all because of you. You've always been the one to save us, our Deliverer.<br />
You're incredible, Grayie! You deserve the most wonderful gift in the world!

I wish I could give you the light of dawn, but I fear it would be too faint to illuminate the deep, dark cosmos.<br />
I wish I could give you the morning breeze, but it would lose its freedom the moment it is bottled up.<br />
It was only when Little Ica rubbed up against me that I had an idea:<br />
I'm going to give you this pendant I've always worn at my hip!

Little Ica might be as soft as a cotton ball, but this pendant... it's as sweet as cotton candy.<br />
I hope just looking at it brings back all the sweet, warm memories we've made together...<br />
So please, wear it close to you.<br />
That way, you'll always feel the sky's warmth, and mine.

So, I hope my gift will forever dance at your side, bringing a gentle breeze and the morning light,<br />
and may it guard the lovely memories of your journey, along with its healing chimes.

Hyacinthia</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Note from Hyacine
|zhs  = 一页寄语：风堇
|zht  = 一頁贈言：風堇
|ja   = 一枚のメモ：ヒアンシー
|ko   = 한 장의 메시지: 히아킨
|es   = Una nota de Hyacine
|fr   = Note de Hyacine
|ru   = Обращение Гиацины
|th   = ข้อความหนึ่งหน้า: Hyacine
|vi   = Lời Nhắn Từ Hyacine
|de   = Eine Nachricht von Hyacine
|id   = Satu Halaman Pesan: Hyacine
|pt   = Um Bilhete da Hyacine
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}