<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Note from Anaxa#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 600
|partIds      = 191940
|title        = 
|image        = Item A Note from Anaxa.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A note from the starry sea of memory, delivered with a gift. The message is written with meticulous precision.
|part1        = A Note from Anaxa
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''A Note from Anaxa''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
To (Trailblazer):

<div align="center">Through your collective power, I have completed this life's greatest research, and the performance could have ended.<br />
But in the mind of that Antikytheran, I saw boundless knowledge beyond this world.<br />
On the final stage, I witnessed you achieve the miracle of defying destiny.

It is these mysteries I still cannot comprehend that unlock the riddles confining our world,<br />
so that our endless groping in darkness shall not be in vain.<br />
Therefore: Having glimpsed the truth beyond the cave, I must never cease my quest.

No matter what form Amphoreus continues to exist in,<br />
I shall continue to carry "Reason" until I reclaim the truth,<br />
and once again surpass and desecrate that which is more divine and magnificent!

You can consider this Philosopher's Stone as my reward to you.<br />
I hope you'll treasure this alchemical miracle containing all the wisdom of this world,<br />
but when you encounter fools who won't listen to reason, use its hardness to knock some sense into them.


Anaxagoras</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Note from Anaxa
|zhs  = 一页寄语：那刻夏
|zht  = 一頁贈言：那刻夏
|ja   = 一枚のメモ：アナイクス
|ko   = 한 장의 메시지: 아낙사
|es   = Una nota de Anaxa
|fr   = Note d'Anaxa
|ru   = Обращение Анаксы
|th   = ข้อความหนึ่งหน้า: Anaxa
|vi   = Lời Nhắn Từ Anaxa
|de   = Eine Nachricht von Anaxa
|id   = Satu Halaman Pesan: Anaxa
|pt   = Um Bilhete do Anaxa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}