<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Note from Hysilens#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 597
|partIds      = 191937
|title        = 
|image        = Item A Note from Hysilens.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A note from the starry sea of memory, delivered with a gift. You can almost smell the sweet fragrance of honey brew wafting from it.
|part1        = A Note from Hysilens
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''A Note from Hysilens''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
To my dear Little Gray Fry,

<div align="center">I've known all along that you, having swum from beyond the sky, were destined to return to even vaster waters.<br />
I can see the roiling tides within your eyes, the gaze of a fish that longs for nothing but freedom.

As for this other little blind fish... I cannot bear to leave the mirage before my eyes, attached as I am to this pool in the cave.<br />
To me, that brilliant sea of stars is far too dazzling.<br />
Besides, here in this little pool, I have a sun to call my own.

So, before that spark sets your sky ablaze,<br />
accept this gift, and let the memories it whispers be my companion at your side.<br />
Within this shell fossil dwells the song of the tides.<br />
I would occasionally press it to my cheek, listening for the sound of home.

In your travels across the vast expanse of the cosmos, if this shell helps you recall the humble pool you left behind,<br />
the taste of the honey brew, and the banquet we never finished...<br />
That would be the best one could hope for, wouldn't it?

''♫ May your trailblazing never cease, until you reach the starry shores ♫''<br />
''♫ May your path be one of perfect ease, as the cosmic ocean roars ♫''

Helektra</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Note from Hysilens
|zhs  = 一页寄语：海瑟音
|zht  = 一頁贈言：海瑟音
|ja   = 一枚のメモ：セイレンス
|ko   = 한 장의 메시지: 히실렌스
|es   = Una nota de Hysilens
|fr   = Note de Hysilens
|ru   = Обращение Гисиленсы
|th   = ข้อความหนึ่งหน้า: Hysilens
|vi   = Lời Nhắn Từ Hysilens
|de   = Eine Nachricht von Hysilens
|id   = Satu Halaman Pesan: Hysilens
|pt   = Um Bilhete da Hysilens
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}