<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Note from Phainon#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Readable Infobox
|id           = 599
|partIds      = 191939
|title        = 
|image        = Item A Note from Phainon.png
|world        = Amphoreus
|parts        = 1
|author       = <!--to be added-->
|description  = A note from the starry sea of memory, delivered with a gift. An indescribable warmth emanates from it, spreading from your fingertips.
|part1        = A Note from Phainon
|source1      = {{cx|Source missing}}
|characters   = 
|factions     = 
}}
'''A Note from Phainon''' is a [[readable]] found on [[Amphoreus]].
<!--
==Location==
{{Map Embed|<map name>|<marker id>}}
-->
==Text==
To my friend (Trailblazer),

<div align="center">"A hero once set his own flesh and blood ablaze, forging a longsword to cleave the darkness."<br />
Back in the wheat fields of Aedes Elysiae, my mother told me this nursery rhyme when I was young.<br />
She said that the hero never really died and would one day come back to us.<br />
And I believed it with every fiber of my being.

But he never came when raging fires burned the fields to ash.<br />
He never came when the endless black tide swallowed the world whole.<br />
I have lost count of the hopes I've held, the prayers I've sent.<br />
Yet the hand of the clock, dripping with golden blood, reset again and again, leaving tomorrow a dawn that will never break.

When dawn fell to earth, it was you who showed me the way forward.<br />
It was you who shouldered the weight of countless Coreflames for me.<br />
It was you who saved me from the hell built of withered bones,<br />
and wrote a new tomorrow for Amphoreus.

It was you... the hero I've been waiting for.<br />
And it was also you who showed me that I, too, could become the hero within.<br />
To forge my own destiny, just like you.

Please accept this creation forged in the same furnace as the Dawnmaker, proof of our battles fought side by side.<br />
A nameless mass of molten iron, hammered by scars and tempered in suffering, spinning through countless cycles of time,<br />
finally taking shape under your gaze.

May it give you the courage to believe in the arrival of dawn,<br />
my hero.

Phainon</div>

<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = A Note from Phainon
|zhs  = 一页寄语：白厄
|zht  = 一頁贈言：白厄
|ja   = 一枚のメモ：ファイノン
|ko   = 한 장의 메시지: 파이논
|es   = Una nota de Fainón
|fr   = Note de Phaénon
|ru   = Обращение Фаенона
|th   = ข้อความหนึ่งหน้า: Phainon
|vi   = Lời Nhắn Từ Phainon
|de   = Eine Nachricht von Phainon
|id   = Satu Halaman Pesan: Phainon
|pt   = Um Bilhete do Phainon
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}