<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Yanqing#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Yanqing.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Seat of Divine Foresight
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Yanqing''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Seat of Divine Foresight]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Seat of Divine Foresight|npc_30_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502085101: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502085101.json-->
:'''Yanqing:''' (Trailblazer), is there something important you want to discuss with me?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{Mission|Frosty Blade's Trial|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About the blindfolded lady you met...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502085301: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502085301.json-->
::'''Yanqing:''' It's hard to believe that lady is Jingliu, the previous Sword Champion of the Xianzhou Luofu and the general's teacher in martial arts...
::'''Yanqing:''' Life can really be funny sometimes. I've never suffered such a loss in sword fighting before, but lately I've been getting beaten left and right. It's almost like I'm making up for lost time all at once, haha.
::'''Yanqing:''' Of course, I know that being young and inexperienced means taking some losses is inevitable... but I just can't accept it if I don't come out on top.
::'''Yanqing:''' The general told me it was good to feel defeated, as it could motivate me to keep honing my skills. I'm sure I'll become a better swordsman the next time we meet!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502085201-->
;(If {{Mission|Frosty Blade's Trial|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Not really. I just want to have a chat with you.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502085201: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502085201.json-->
::'''Yanqing:''' Have a chat with me? Sure, I can do that, since I'm not working on anything at the moment. What would you like to talk about?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502085201_12-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502085201_12-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you feel stressed out at work?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502085206-->
:::'''Yanqing:''' My job is to protect the general. Does that sound stressful to you?
:::'''Yanqing:''' But sometimes, I do feel the pressure. The general sees the potential in me and teaches me swordsmanship and military strategies. I always hope to have some achievements under my belt to return his favor.
:::'''Yanqing:''' However, after sparring with the general for some time, I think my skills have plateaued. You know how that is.
:::'''Yanqing:''' I can't see the general as my enemy, so I can't feel the sense of danger that one would have on an actual battlefield. This is definitely going to impede my progress in swordsmanship.
:::'''Yanqing:''' Besides, from the recent trial I've gone through, I've learned that there's always a wider world out there with more powerful swordfighters than me. And my sword will eventually have to face enemies from beyond the Luofu... So I must be prepared.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you bought any nice swords lately?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502085212-->
:::'''Yanqing:''' Swords... I haven't bought any recently... Or rather, I had to temporarily cut down on my sword purchases. *sigh*
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does the general not allow you to buy them?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you used up all your pocket money?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502085215-->
:::'''Yanqing:''' Nah, that's not it. It's just that I've always been so obsessed with buying so many swords until one day I suddenly realized that my room was full of them, and I had barely enough space to walk around inside my own room...
:::'''Yanqing:''' Having pestered the general every now and then to allow me to buy swords, I can't ask the general to arrange another room for me now, can I? Surprisingly, what stands in the way of my hobby is nothing but the size of my room...
:::'''Yanqing:''' The general suggests that I can sell some of my swords to get back the money, but they are my prized possessions! I just can't do it!
:::'''Yanqing:''' Well, for now I just gotta hold back and resist the urge to spend recklessly... Yep, definitely can't give in to impulse buys anymore... *sigh* This is gonna be so hard for me! I know I'll inevitably come across tempting swords that will test my self-control in the future.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got to go.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502085220-->
:::'''Yanqing:''' Take care! I look forward to sparring with you one day.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502085301-->
;(If {{Mission|Frosty Blade's Trial|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got to go.
::'''Yanqing:''' Take care! I look forward to sparring with you one day.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--performance 602020121 has been seen--> and {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByMainMissionFinish","MainMissionID":6020201}-->}})
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Sorry for getting in your way when you were going after Kafka.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 602020121: Config/Level/Mission/6020201/Act/Act602020121.json-->
::'''Yanqing:''' ...What are you talking about? Wasn't that just a communication error? You didn't mean it. I don't mind.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (Kafka used Spirit Whisper to implant suggestions into him. He doesn't remember anymore.)
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_602020121-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_502085221)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502085221-->
::'''Yanqing:''' Take care! I look forward to sparring with you one day.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Yanqing
|zhs  = 彦卿
|zht  = 彥卿
|ja   = 彦卿
|ko   = 연경
|es   = Yanqing
|fr   = Yanqing
|ru   = Яньцин
|th   = Yanqing
|vi   = Yanqing
|de   = Yanqing
|id   = Yanqing
|pt   = Yanqing
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}