<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Courteous Cycrane#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Courteous Cycrane.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Cloudford
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Courteous Cycrane''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Cloudford]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Cloudford|npc_115_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404020301: Config/Level/Mission/4040203/Act/Act404020301.json-->
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Come on over. Hurry up...
:A cycrane from Heron Express squints its eyes at you with a gaze that seems to lure you with an air of danger.
:You don't want to use a word like "obscene" to describe this innocent cycrane, but your intuition tells you that the eyes of this cycrane are without a doubt swimming in a certain kind of craving.
:If you're to toss out worldly common sense and rules, you can see how cycranes and people are the same. They require the restrictions of ethics to cover the stirrings of their hearts and the thoughts they can't tell others. As you think about it, you can't help but {{MC|f=feel a chill down your spine|m=shudder in shock}}.
:Maybe it's just a misunderstanding, but first impression is the strongest. You then realize you should drop this kind of baseless prejudice and talk with the cycrane candidly.
:Now the right thing to do is fix your eyes on it with dignity and honor.
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' What's the big idea staring at me? Sure, I'm approachable and naturally pleasing to the eye, but your staring has me feeling a bit shy. You... are up to no good.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I haven't even said anything yet...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020311-->
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Hey now. What's on your mind? Think I won't understand? You and I are bad birds of a feather...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You were the one who kept giving me that nasty look.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020313-->
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Ah, come on. How can an organic like you could be so dense? How could I be giving you a nasty look? I'm nothing but love over here.
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Geez, organic life forms are so lowly. That's why you organics can't cut it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} A talking cycrane!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020316-->
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Hehe. Does my ability to talk get you that excited? I can also tell some bitter love stories. Want to hear them?
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' What's up? Are you getting excited after hearing how amazing I am? Come on. Give me a smile.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} There's really no point in talking to a cycrane.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020319-->
:::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' I know what you mean. You think there's no difference between me and a talking puppet.
:::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Geez, organics are so narrow-minded. But, hey, I don't blame you. Who has made me into such an understanding cycrane?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's hear some cheesy pick-up lines.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020322-->
:::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Oh, I feel like you are expecting some kind of clown show. Not my thing. You are treating me like a puppet that tells little stories.
:::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' You better remember that in sincere and fair emotions, there are no cheesy words of love.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_404020301_36-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_404020301_36-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ziqiao sent me to get you back.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020325-->
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' You are such a bummer! While the two of us are alone, your eyes... and your mouth belong to me.
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Don't mention that woman again!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is waiting for you to return.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020328-->
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Hehe. I knew she still longed for me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't really care if you go back or not.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020330-->
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Ah, sharp words. Your words say you don't care, but your heart is frantic.
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' See. I've got you all worked up. Hehe. I'm just planning on heading back.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404020332-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020332-->
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' That said, making me head back in such a glum mood is not OK.
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Since I gained the ability to empathize, I've come to understand what loving others and being loved feel like. I decide to be loyal to my own desires!
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' I no longer wish to be a boring cycrane. I wish to love and be loved! I long for so much love. Do you understand!?
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Here's the last thing. If you help me with this, I'll go back to Heron Express. How about that?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Deal! What do you want me to do?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020337-->
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Excellent. Who knows my heart better than your respectable self?
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' I want a photo book that has been seized by customs. Something that a little cycrane can't look at! Hehehe...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's all this nonsense? I'll pass.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020341-->
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Hear me out. This will benefit you, too.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What benefit?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020343-->
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' I want a photo book that has been seized by customs. Something that a cycrane can't look at! After you get it, you can have a copy, too. Hehehe.
:You couldn't help but recall the first impression this cycrane gave you. There was a sparkle in its eyes. That's the source of desire.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404020345-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020345-->
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' A while ago at Cloudford, the Sky-Faring Commission seized some banned photo books from going through customs. I cannot bear the thought of such splendid nourishment for the soul becoming space trash. Thankfully, I managed to catch your attention.
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' I know where they're holding the photo books, so I can take you there, but I can't open the containers. That'll be up to you. Let's save as many of those books as we can!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go. We can't let the photo books go to waste!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Sky-Faring Commission has already seized them. That's not good...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020349-->
::'''Courteous Cycrane:''' Come on. If anything happens, I'll take care of it. Don't worry. The photo books are more important.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404020350-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020350-->
:'''Courteous Cycrane:''' We can't delay a moment longer. We need to go now.
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 404020301_Finish-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}