<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Luocha#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Luocha.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Cloudford
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Luocha''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Cloudford]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Cloudford|npc_224_400006}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 102040311: Config/Level/Mission/1020403/Act/Act102040311.json-->
:{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 128.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Let's hurry.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_102040311_10-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_102040311_10-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to ask something...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040452-->
::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 129.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Please do...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_102040311_13-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_102040311_13-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you familiar with the operational mechanisms in Cloudford?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040454-->
:::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 130.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Not really, I've just seen them before, that's all.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you not want to go to Starskiff Haven?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040456-->
:::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 131.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Oh? What makes you ask that, young master? I'm happy as long as I get to leave this place.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Return}} I have other questions...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_102040311_10-->
::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Let's talk about you.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040459-->
::::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 132.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' I'm not a very interesting person...
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_102040311_22-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_102040311_22-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are your plans from here?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040461-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 133.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' At this stage, I'm just taking it one step at a time.
:::::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 134.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Thankfully, as a registered merchant on the Xianzhou, I get a discount on all my expenses. In that regard, it makes sense for me to stay a little longer, haha.
:::::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 135.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Miss Sushang said she could show me around if I find myself unable to leave.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Where were you going?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040465-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 136.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' I had some more trading to do on the other Xianzhou ships, but my main appointment was with Miss Tingyun of the Whistling Flames merchant guild. We had a business deal to discuss, but I fear it will no longer go ahead.
:::::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 137.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Most of the deals won't be particularly profitable &mdash; the IPC takes the majority. There's only one that might be worth the journey &mdash; a direct trade with the Fanghu...
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Never mind. Excuse me.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040469-->
::::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 138.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Of course.
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Let's talk about you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040459-->
::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 132.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' I'm not a very interesting person...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_102040311_22-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_102040311_22-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are your plans from here?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040461-->
:::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 133.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' At this stage, I'm just taking it one step at a time.
:::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 134.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Thankfully, as a registered merchant on the Xianzhou, I get a discount on all my expenses. In that regard, it makes sense for me to stay a little longer, haha.
:::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 135.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Miss Sushang said she could show me around if I find myself unable to leave.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Where were you going?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040465-->
:::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 136.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' I had some more trading to do on the other Xianzhou ships, but my main appointment was with Miss Tingyun of the Whistling Flames merchant guild. We had a business deal to discuss, but I fear it will no longer go ahead.
:::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 137.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Most of the deals won't be particularly profitable &mdash; the IPC takes the majority. There's only one that might be worth the journey &mdash; a direct trade with the Fanghu...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Return}} I have other questions...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_102040311_10-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to ask something...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040452-->
::::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 129.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Please do...
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_102040311_13-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_102040311_13-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you familiar with the operational mechanisms in Cloudford?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040454-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 130.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Not really, I've just seen them before, that's all.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you not want to go to Starskiff Haven?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040456-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 131.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Oh? What makes you ask that, young master? I'm happy as long as I get to leave this place.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Never mind. Excuse me.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040469-->
::::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 138.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Of course.
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Never mind. Excuse me.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102040469-->
::{{A|VO chapter2 Ag1 luocha 138.ogg}} '''Luocha:''' Of course.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_102040311-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Luocha
|zhs  = 罗刹
|zht  = 羅剎
|ja   = 羅刹
|ko   = 나찰
|es   = Luocha
|fr   = Luocha
|ru   = Лоча
|th   = Luocha
|vi   = Luocha
|de   = Luocha
|id   = Luocha
|pt   = Luocha
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}