<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hook#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Hook.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Jarilo-VI
|location        = Boulder Town
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hook''' is an NPC on [[Jarilo-VI]], located in [[Boulder Town]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Boulder Town|npc_131_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501030401: Config/Level/Mission/5010304/Act/Act501030401.json-->
::'''Hook:''' Mm-hmm! Another peaceful day in Boulder Town!
::'''Hook:''' ...
::'''Hook:''' Hmm...
::'''Hook:''' Uhh...
::'''Hook:''' ...It's all thanks to us Moles!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing here?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030407-->
:::'''Hook:''' Need you even ask? I'm here to see the sights!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The great Hook is certainly in high spirits.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030409-->
:::'''Hook:''' Hmph, I'm not the boss of The Moles without reason!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's all thanks to us Moles!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030411-->
:::'''Hook:''' That's right! The Moles are the greatest!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's the best you could come up with...?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030413-->
:::'''Hook:''' You say something then! You think you can do better than Hook!?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501030414-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030414-->
::'''Hook:''' Oh? If it isn't the honorary member of The Moles, (Trailblazer)!
::'''Hook:''' Impudence! Ignoring the presence of Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!
::'''Hook:''' But I'm in a good mood today, so you're off the hook! (No pun intended.) How can I help you, honorary member?
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501030402: Config/Level/Mission/5010304/Act/Act501030402.json-->
::'''Hook:''' Oh, we meet again!
::'''Hook:''' How can I help you, honorary member?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003703-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Please give me some management advice...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 405003004: Config/Level/Mission/4050030/Act/Act405003004.json-->
::'''Hook:''' Management? You've come to the right person!
::'''Hook:''' Remembering every member in The Moles, bringing everyone to eat delicious food, and having fun together! And... and... conducting regular big adventures!
::'''Hook:''' That's how you become the boss of The Moles! Am I amazing or what! Ordinary people can't do it!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_405003703-->
:{{DIcon}} I've come to talk to you.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501030403: Config/Level/Mission/5010304/Act/Act501030403.json-->
::'''Hook:''' You will call me Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_501030401_30-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_501030401_30-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to know more about The Moles.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030420-->
:::'''Hook:''' Since you're an honorary member, I'll divulge a few Mole secrets to you!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_501030401_33-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_501030401_33-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who are in The Moles?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030422-->
::::'''Hook:''' We've got many! Let me think...
::::'''Hook:''' Hmm...
::::'''Hook:''' Forget it! I'll just name a few.
::::'''Hook:''' Our more famous members are: Pitch-Dark Hook the Great, Julian of a Thousand Faces, Little Timmy, and Luka "Strongarm"!
::::'''Hook:''' Ah, there are some who didn't join, but are honorary members! Like Isabella, Alina, Clara...
::::'''Hook:''' ...and you!
::::{{DIcon|Return}} You've got quite a few members.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030429-->
:::::'''Hook:''' Of course, I'm Pitch-Dark Hook the Great of the Moles!
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Return}} Clara's part of the gang too?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030431-->
:::::'''Hook:''' Of course! She doesn't live in Boulder Town, but occasionally comes to the clinic to play with us!
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Return}} Thank you, great Hook, for remembering me.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030433-->
:::::'''Hook:''' Hey, what kinda talk is that! I'm the boss of The Moles. Of course, I'll remember everyone!
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What does one need to join The Moles?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030435-->
::::'''Hook:''' The requirements are complicated, but I change them all the time. So listen up!
::::'''Hook:''' The rules for joining now are... You've never tattled to the old witch and Seele, plus ten bags of snow-white popping candy!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are the perks of joining The Moles?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030438-->
::::'''Hook:''' Plenty!
::::'''Hook:''' If you're in The Moles, you'll get to eat tasty food with us, and have so much fun... And you can join the great adventures that I plan!
::::'''Hook:''' How's that? Are you psyched? Get your friends and join The Moles now!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do The Moles have any archnemeses?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030442-->
::::'''Hook:''' Hoh... it appears you know much about the rules of the Underground, honorary member!
::::'''Hook:''' The Moles have to keep watch over the safety of Boulder Town, for evil is always thwarting our operations!
::::'''Hook:''' There are two of 'em: The old witch at the clinic, and the other... Big Sis Seele!
::::'''Hook:''' Uh... but Seele sometimes also plays with me, and takes me out shopping. So The Moles don't really see her as a bad guy.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I'm done with this topic.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030447-->
::::'''Hook:''' Sure thing, what else do you want to talk about?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you know Sampo?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030449-->
:::'''Hook:''' That blue-haired man? Of course I do!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You haven't been bullied by him, have you?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030451-->
::::'''Hook:''' Have I? I only remember bullying him. That man is really nice to me!
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501030456-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030456-->
::::'''Hook:''' Few of the adults in Boulder Town want to play with us Moles. Mr. Sampo's the only one who'll take us out for joyrides &mdash; it's wild!
::::'''Hook:''' He's different from the other adults &mdash; funny and chatty! Mr. Sampo is definitely one of the good ones. Don't worry, honorary member!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's a bad guy, stop hanging out with him.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030453-->
::::'''Hook:''' Huh? I do hear a lot about him being a "bad guy," but he's really nice to me!
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501030456-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030456-->
::::'''Hook:''' Few of the adults in Boulder Town want to play with us Moles. Mr. Sampo's the only one who'll take us out for joyrides &mdash; it's wild!
::::'''Hook:''' He's different from the other adults &mdash; funny and chatty! Mr. Sampo is definitely one of the good ones. Don't worry, honorary member!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The great Hook makes friends rather carelessly!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030455-->
::::'''Hook:''' Hey, watch your words, honorary member! That man treats me well!
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501030456-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030456-->
::::'''Hook:''' Few of the adults in Boulder Town want to play with us Moles. Mr. Sampo's the only one who'll take us out for joyrides &mdash; it's wild!
::::'''Hook:''' He's different from the other adults &mdash; funny and chatty! Mr. Sampo is definitely one of the good ones. Don't worry, honorary member!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's your relationship with Natasha?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030459-->
:::'''Hook:''' Bah, all that old witch does is chide and berate me. Annoying!
:::'''Hook:''' Though, besides barring us from adventures, Natasha's pretty good to me too. When she's roasting olm meat, she'll always give me bigger portions!
:::'''Hook:''' Ooh, I've just got a new idea! For the next great adventure, let's go catch some olms for her. Surely, we won't get scolded again!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's end the chat here.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030463-->
:::'''Hook:''' Oh, done talking? Heehee, I've got it. My overwhelming knowledge must've caused a mental overload for you!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501030403-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got to do something else. I'll get moving first.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501030404: Config/Level/Mission/5010304/Act/Act501030404.json-->
::'''Hook:''' See ya, honorary member!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501030404-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 800125301-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Are you interested in volunteering at the museum?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 800125301: Config/Level/Mission/8001253/Act/Act800125301.json-->
::'''Hook:''' The museum?
::'''Hook:''' Volunteering?
::'''Hook:''' What's that?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A museum is a place where cultural relics are exhibited.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195906-->
:::'''Hook:''' Wow, sounds like the perfect place for the Moles' big adventure!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Volunteering is when you volunteer to help somebody else out.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195908-->
:::'''Hook:''' Wow, sounds like the perfect thing for us Moles!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No questions, just know it's something super fun.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195910-->
:::'''Hook:''' Really? You better not be tricking me!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201195911-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195911-->
::'''Hook:''' If that's so &mdash; dear honorary member, let's go! Let's go to this moosy&mdash; moosy-yum...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Mu-se-um.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195913-->
:::'''Hook:''' Yeah, that's the one! The museum!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Moosy-what?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195915-->
:::'''Hook:''' A museum! Isn't that what you said? How could you forget!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201195916-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195916-->
::'''Hook:''' I wanna go and be a villainteer...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's VOLUNTEER.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195918-->
:::'''Hook:''' Yeah, that's the one! A volunteer!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Villain-teer?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195920-->
:::'''Hook:''' Agh, I mean volunteer! You shouldn't sully Pitch-Dark Hook the Great's... um... great name!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201195921-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195921-->
::'''Hook:''' Alright. Let's go, let's go &mdash; I can't wait!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Before we get going, you have to fill out an application form.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195923-->
:::'''Hook:''' Application form? What's that? Show it to me!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You also have to pass a mysterious test...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195925-->
:::'''Hook:''' Wow &mdash; sounds awesome! What kind of test is it? What's this piece of paper for?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_800125301_41-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_800125301_41-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Give the application form to Hook.)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195927-->
::'''Hook:''' So all I have to do is just write these things in here? Too easy, watch this!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"IsDynamic": false,
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 190454
		}
	}
}</pre>
::'''Hook:''' Hmph, I got it done in no time at all! Now you can take me to the museum, right? Honorary member?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's right. Let's go!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195930-->
:::'''Hook:''' Ah &mdash; Let's go be volunteers!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me give your resume a look...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195932-->
:::'''Hook:''' What? You can't see that! There's top-secret Mole intel in there!
:::'''Hook:''' Fine fine fine. Then let's go be volunteers!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_800125301-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_405300402)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_405300402-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hook
|zhs  = 虎克
|zht  = 虎克
|ja   = フック
|ko   = 후크
|es   = Hook
|fr   = Hook
|ru   = Хук
|th   = Hook
|vi   = Hook
|de   = Hook
|id   = Hook
|pt   = Hook
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}