<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Scott#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Boxing Gym Owner
|image           = NPC Scott.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Jarilo-VI
|location        = Boulder Town
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Scott''' is an NPC on [[Jarilo-VI]], located in [[Boulder Town]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Boulder Town|npc_16_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201070101,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201070101,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070101: Config/Level/Mission/2010701/Act201070101.json-->
:'''Scott:''' Hmph, if you're curious, then buy a ticket and see for yourself. If you still can't tell how strong they are, don't blame me.
:'''Scott:''' Not convinced? Then enter the ring and fight a few bouts yourself, and then you'll see.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm way above beating up weaklings.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026304-->
::'''Scott:''' Ha! You talk cocky, but is that just because you're scared you'll lose?
::'''Scott:''' You don't dare enter the ring, and then you talk all high-and-mighty about my boxers being "weaklings." Am I supposed to feel intimidated?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you trying to trick me into free labor?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026307-->
::'''Scott:''' Hmph! Young people these days. If it's not to their benefit, count them out... Life is a long journey. You won't make it far if you're this fussy about everything.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026309-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026309-->
:'''Scott:''' Excuse after excuse. Really, you just don't have the courage, huh?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I just don't want to fight against ordinary people.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026310-->
::'''Scott:''' My boxers here aren't just "ordinary people." Only reputed fighters are allowed to step into this club.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't want to get my hands dirty.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026312-->
::'''Scott:''' Ha! You've got some nerve.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026314-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026314-->
:'''Scott:''' Ask anyone and you'll learn why my Fight Club is known far and wide across the underground. People don't buy tickets to come watch some unknown amateurs!
:'''Scott:''' You're so confident, huh? It just so happens that we have a few boxers in the club right now who are all eager for some hands-on practice.
:'''Scott:''' I'll give you a nice little reward if you can beat them, just in case you needed any extra incentive.
:'''Scott:''' What do you think? Bold enough to fight a round?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me think about it.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026318-->
::'''Scott:''' Think about it? According to you, wouldn't they be a piece of cake for you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm in a hurry. I'll make quick work of them.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026320-->
::'''Scott:''' Hmph. I've seen a lot of overconfident young people like yourself.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026319-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026319-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070101-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201070104,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201070104,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070104: Config/Level/Mission/2010701/Act201070104.json-->
:'''Scott:''' Hahaha, I was right about you, you're quite a fighter! Green but extraordinary, much better than those boring old farts with fixed routines.
:'''Scott:''' As for the prize money... don't worry, you'll definitely get some, but...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But what?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026503-->
::'''Scott:''' It's nothing. It's just that there may be a little trouble in the process of securing the funds. No biggie.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Cut to the chase. Where's my money?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026505-->
::'''Scott:''' What's the hurry? Can't you see I'm right here? I ain't going nowhere, don't rush me.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026507-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026507-->
:'''Scott:''' It's just that lately... the boxing gym hasn't exactly been printing money. I can give you some now, but the rest...
:'''Scott:''' How about you do me a favor first? I'm now in need of a special boxer. If you can find one, I'll give you the rest of the money. Easy eh? I promise!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't you have enough boxers already?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026509-->
::'''Scott:''' Have you seen those knuckleheads? All they know is to bury their heads and train, getting all dirty and sweaty... They don't know what the audience wants to see.
::'''Scott:''' Audiences want excitement. Excitement! Sensory feast, visual stimuli. I need someone who can stand in the ring and knows what the audience wants!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why me?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026512-->
::'''Scott:''' You think it's about you? Nah. Yes, I may have signed a few boxers, but they know nothing but cliched routines from their training! Any audience with a bit of taste would've already been sick of these clowns.
::'''Scott:''' So what's the point of keeping them around? That's why I sent a message to everyone last month... They can either take a pay cut voluntarily or kiss their sweet butts goodbye.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026514-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026514-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Calm down...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026515-->
::'''Scott:''' You don't know what's it like to raise these shameless parasites, everything they eat and use is mine... hmph...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} They also have their dreams.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026517-->
::'''Scott:''' Don't talk about dreams with me. You think audiences care about your dreams? They're just here for a visceral sensory experience, capeesh?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026519-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026519-->
:'''Scott:''' Hmph... In this world, you either lead or die... so it's time for me to start exploring a completely new business model...
:'''Scott:''' By the way, I know you've been to the Fragmentum, so you must've seen those monsters, right? Shaped like a human, wearing special armor...
:'''Scott:''' I'm sure it's easy for you &mdash; just get me a set of that armor and I'll give you the rest of your prize money.
:'''Scott:''' So what are you waiting for? Get moving, the longer you take, the longer I need to feed those parasites. What a filthy waste of money!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070104-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201070804,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201070804,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070804: Config/Level/Mission/2010708/Act201070804.json-->
:'''Scott:''' That's it, that's it! Wow, that texture!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070804-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201090401,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201090401,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090401: Config/Level/Mission/2010904/Act201090401.json-->
:'''Scott:''' He's alright, he's off the peak now but that's nothing to worry about.
:'''Scott:''' I'll get him to fight a robot a few times next, just to heat things up again.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm worried about contamination by the armor...
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026804-->
:'''Scott:''' Contamination? Don't be ridiculous, what kind of contamination can the armor have? I think that guy is ridiculously strong. He can smash the robot with his bare hands.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll go and check on him.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026806-->
::'''Scott:''' I sign boxers to make money, not to treat them like babies! He's not that delicate!
::'''Scott:''' Instead of pitying that guy, you should feel sorry for me, who wasted all that money!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh yeah? I don't believe you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026809-->
::'''Scott:''' Believe it or not, these boxer scums know nothing about being grateful. He's not worth your time.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026811-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026811-->
:'''Scott:''' You know what, he's actually got a match today, and he's in there. Go and talk to him, just leave me alone.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201090401-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201090409,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201090409,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090409: Config/Level/Mission/2010904/Act201090409.json-->
:'''Scott:''' Of course he is. He's still under contract. Where else can he go?
:'''Scott:''' He's just another has-been who can't adapt to the audience's tastes... Hmph. He's now just in it for the base wage that I charitably trickle down to him!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you mean by "has-been"?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027212-->
::'''Scott:''' Ha! You obviously don't pay much attention to our boxing matches, do you? He was beaten so badly by the five-time champ. It was such a one-sided fiasco.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So boxing is all about winning?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027214-->
::'''Scott:''' Ha, winning won't be enough! Making money for me is more important than winning games.
::'''Scott:''' Besides, he can't even win anymore. He was beaten so badly by the five-time champ. It was such a one-sided fiasco.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101027217-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027217-->
:'''Scott:''' I know the audience too well. They quickly tire of the old and are constantly chasing after the new. Whoever beats the latest crowd favorite gets to be the next super star.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then why is he still fighting?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027218-->
::'''Scott:''' What else can he do to put food on the table? It's not like you are gonna pay for his living.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} He should just take a break.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027220-->
::'''Scott:''' A break!? He should first try to take a break from being such a loser!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101027222-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027222-->
:'''Scott:''' If I had known you were coming, I wouldn't have sent him to the Fragmentum to find a new set of armor. Should always leave things like this to pros like you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} New armor?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027223-->
:'''Scott:''' Yeah, didn't I just say, he was badly injured not long ago and even got his armor broken.
:'''Scott:''' He should've tried to be a gracious loser and recognized the massive gap in strength between himself and his opponent.
:'''Scott:''' But that guy doesn't seem to know when to quit. Ever since he woke up from his concussion, he has been pestering me nonstop, begging me to give him another chance in the ring.
:'''Scott:''' Luckily for him, I was in a particularly merciful mood today. So I told him that the audience has been long sick of his old shtick. If he wants to win back the audience, he simply needs to find himself a much more powerful monster for a different set of armor.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is he still fit to fight in his condition?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027228-->
::'''Scott:''' Who knows? All I saw was the guy limping away with a broken leg. He probably went looking for new armor, as he should.
::'''Scott:''' But who cares! Monster Armor has already made me quite some money. He can go wherever he wants. After all, it's a free town here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There're no different kinds of monster armor!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027231-->
::'''Scott:''' You think I know nothing about Fragmentum monsters, huh? I've seen some bigger and scarier ones, and if he can get his hands on one of those, then I'm willing to pay more to rehire him.
::'''Scott:''' I saw the guy limping away with a broken leg. He probably went looking for new armor, as he should. And he'd better find one, or else he shouldn't even bother coming back.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101027233-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027233-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's too dangerous. I'll go find him!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027234-->
::'''Scott:''' He probably headed to Rivet Town. That's where the monsters are, after all. If you leave now, you may still catch him.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are so cruel.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027236-->
::'''Scott:''' Hmph. If you don't like this, you can just bring him back. He went looking for monsters, so he must have gone to Rivet Town.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201090409-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501027818-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027818-->
:'''Scott:''' Hmm? What do you want to know? If you want to know my business secrets, then I'll have to tell you to go away.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_5010278_31-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010278_31-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Who are the fighters?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027820-->
::'''Scott:''' Anyone that wants to be a fighter here needs to have some selling points. As long as they can bring me profit, whether they are clowns or monsters, I'll hire them.
::'''Scott:''' I'm the best at seeing through people. I can tell at a glance which boxer has real talent and which one is just a loser.
::'''Scott:''' Why are you asking? Are you thinking about giving it a try now? You could have said yes to me earlier.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there a lot of money in this line of work?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027824-->
::'''Scott:''' As long as we have a constant flow of customers, income is guaranteed. Hah, do you really think that all I do is sell tickets? What could I do with the tiny bit of money I make from tickets?
::'''Scott:''' My goal is to create an end-to-end in-depth marketing campaign, segment the audience, seize on the trends, and build an audio-visual entertainment industry around boxing in the Underworld...
::'''Scott:''' And then link it to all the industries in the Underground to create a business empire...
::'''Scott:''' Ahem, I've said too much. Just consider this as me thinking out loud....pretend you heard nothing, okay?
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard you mistreat the boxers.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027829-->
::'''Scott:''' Baloney! Who said that? Tell them to say it to my face.
::'''Scott:''' They are welcome to end their contracts and find a job somewhere else if they can't take it anymore. The mining team would love one of these big, burly guys.
::'''Scott:''' Maybe they're just too fragile. Instead of reflecting on their own decisions, they accuse me of abuse! The typical mentality of the weak!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 100004605,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 101150231,
		"Param2": 3
	}
]
</pre>
:'''Scott:''' Bwahaha, did you hear that? They're lifting the blockade between the Overworld and the Underworld, and the Silvermane Guards will be coming down here!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's in this for you?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Is there a joke in there that I've failed to understand?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027843-->
:'''Scott:''' Hmph, you just don't get it! The Silvermane Guards will definitely be stationed here for a long time. So, here's my question: There's nothing to do for fun down in the Underworld, so what are they going to be getting up to for entertainment?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you hinting at the Fight Club?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you hinting at the Wildfire gathering place?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027846-->
::'''Scott:''' Oh &mdash; that's shallow, reeeal shallow! The Silvermane Guards don't give a dang about that kinda place!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501027849-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I heard there's a rap battle over at Svarog's...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027848-->
::'''Scott:''' Oh &mdash; that's shallow, reeeal shallow! The Silvermane Guards don't give a dang about that kinda place!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501027849-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027849-->
:'''Scott:''' Bwahaha, let me tell you: The answer is my Fight Club!
:'''Scott:''' The guards stationed down in the Underworld aren't like those heroes staring down death every day on the frontlines... All they do is stand or patrol. They must be itching to show off their skills.
:'''Scott:''' So you get it, too? All this bloodlust with nowhere to vent. All you can do is rock up to the Fight Club and have a good time.
:'''Scott:''' Hmph, I mustn't waste this opportunity &mdash; now's the time when fortunes are made. Maybe I can fool a few rookies to take a crack at me, or even open up a branch up in the Overworld, tsk tsk tsk...
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:{{A|VO vo ambient w1 greeting scott 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w1 greeting scott 102.ogg}} '''Scott:''' Hmph, as I said, opportunity doesn't wait. Getting rich is just a matter of time when you are with me.
:'''Scott:''' Let me be clear, you already missed one chance to sign up, so if you want to be a boxer now, the basic salary and profit share ratio won't be as high as before.
:'''Scott:''' This is how boxing is. The audience's preferences change all the time, therefore the contract must also be adjusted. Hmm? You don't look like you are here to sign with me.
:'''Scott:''' So, what exactly do you want to see me about?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:'''Scott:''' Hmph, ignorant outsiders.
:'''Scott:''' Everyone knows, they have to follow Scott if they want to make a life for themselves Underground.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501027801: Config/Level/Mission/5010278/Act/Act501027801.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501027801-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027801-->
::'''Scott:''' Hmm, the off-season is over and the busy season for boxing is coming up... If the ticket prices go up by 10%...
::'''Scott:''' Huh? Who are you? Do you have a ticket? If not, please leave... Hang on, judging by your strange outfit, could you be &mdash;
::'''Scott:''' Haha! So you're an outsider! I'm being blind here. Sorry if I offended you.
::'''Scott:''' Let me introduce myself. I'm Scott, the owner of the Fight Club. I heard that you are very good at fighting... Hmm, you also look pretty good.
::'''Scott:''' I need people like you here. Do you want to join the club and be a resident boxer for this season?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_5010278_13-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010278_13-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll mull it over.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027808-->
:::'''Scott:''' What do you say? Time waits for no man.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not signing up with you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027810-->
:::'''Scott:''' Hmph, you'll regret it. Don't come asking me to change my mind later.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501027811-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027811-->
::'''Scott:''' If you're not here to fight, you must be here to watch.
::'''Scott:''' Go buy a ticket. I'm an honest businessman. Exchanging a few words with me won't get you free admission.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501027802: Config/Level/Mission/5010278/Act/Act501027802.json-->
::'''Scott:''' Hmph, as I said, opportunity doesn't wait. Getting rich is just a matter of time when you are with me.
::'''Scott:''' Let me be clear, you already missed one chance to sign up, so if you want to be a boxer now, the basic salary and profit share ratio won't be as high as before.
::'''Scott:''' So, what exactly do you want to see me about?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070101-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I'm curious to see how strong the boxers are.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070101: Config/Level/Mission/2010701/Act201070101.json-->
::'''Scott:''' Hmph, if you're curious, then buy a ticket and see for yourself. If you still can't tell how strong they are, don't blame me.
::'''Scott:''' Not convinced? Then enter the ring and fight a few bouts yourself, and then you'll see.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm way above beating up weaklings.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026304-->
:::'''Scott:''' Ha! You talk cocky, but is that just because you're scared you'll lose?
:::'''Scott:''' You don't dare enter the ring, and then you talk all high-and-mighty about my boxers being "weaklings." Am I supposed to feel intimidated?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you trying to trick me into free labor?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026307-->
:::'''Scott:''' Hmph! Young people these days. If it's not to their benefit, count them out... Life is a long journey. You won't make it far if you're this fussy about everything.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026309-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026309-->
::'''Scott:''' Excuse after excuse. Really, you just don't have the courage, huh?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I just don't want to fight against ordinary people.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026310-->
:::'''Scott:''' My boxers here aren't just "ordinary people." Only reputed fighters are allowed to step into this club.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't want to get my hands dirty.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026312-->
:::'''Scott:''' Ha! You've got some nerve.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026314-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026314-->
::'''Scott:''' Ask anyone and you'll learn why my Fight Club is known far and wide across the underground. People don't buy tickets to come watch some unknown amateurs!
::'''Scott:''' You're so confident, huh? It just so happens that we have a few boxers in the club right now who are all eager for some hands-on practice.
::'''Scott:''' I'll give you a nice little reward if you can beat them, just in case you needed any extra incentive.
::'''Scott:''' What do you think? Bold enough to fight a round?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let me think about it.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026318-->
:::'''Scott:''' Think about it? According to you, wouldn't they be a piece of cake for you?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm in a hurry. I'll make quick work of them.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026320-->
:::'''Scott:''' Hmph. I've seen a lot of overconfident young people like yourself.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026319-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026319-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070101-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070104--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070101-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I won, so the money...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070104: Config/Level/Mission/2010701/Act201070104.json-->
::'''Scott:''' Hahaha, I was right about you, you're quite a fighter! Green but extraordinary, much better than those boring old farts with fixed routines.
::'''Scott:''' As for the prize money... don't worry, you'll definitely get some, but...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But what?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026503-->
:::'''Scott:''' It's nothing. It's just that there may be a little trouble in the process of securing the funds. No biggie.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Cut to the chase. Where's my money?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026505-->
:::'''Scott:''' What's the hurry? Can't you see I'm right here? I ain't going nowhere, don't rush me.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026507-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026507-->
::'''Scott:''' It's just that lately... the boxing gym hasn't exactly been printing money. I can give you some now, but the rest...
::'''Scott:''' How about you do me a favor first? I'm now in need of a special boxer. If you can find one, I'll give you the rest of the money. Easy eh? I promise!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't you have enough boxers already?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026509-->
:::'''Scott:''' Have you seen those knuckleheads? All they know is to bury their heads and train, getting all dirty and sweaty... They don't know what the audience wants to see.
:::'''Scott:''' Audiences want excitement. Excitement! Sensory feast, visual stimuli. I need someone who can stand in the ring and knows what the audience wants!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why me?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026512-->
:::'''Scott:''' You think it's about you? Nah. Yes, I may have signed a few boxers, but they know nothing but cliched routines from their training! Any audience with a bit of taste would've already been sick of these clowns.
:::'''Scott:''' So what's the point of keeping them around? That's why I sent a message to everyone last month... They can either take a pay cut voluntarily or kiss their sweet butts goodbye.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026514-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026514-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Calm down...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026515-->
:::'''Scott:''' You don't know what's it like to raise these shameless parasites, everything they eat and use is mine... hmph...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} They also have their dreams.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026517-->
:::'''Scott:''' Don't talk about dreams with me. You think audiences care about your dreams? They're just here for a visceral sensory experience, capeesh?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026519-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026519-->
::'''Scott:''' Hmph... In this world, you either lead or die... so it's time for me to start exploring a completely new business model...
::'''Scott:''' By the way, I know you've been to the Fragmentum, so you must've seen those monsters, right? Shaped like a human, wearing special armor...
::'''Scott:''' I'm sure it's easy for you &mdash; just get me a set of that armor and I'll give you the rest of your prize money.
::'''Scott:''' So what are you waiting for? Get moving, the longer you take, the longer I need to feed those parasites. What a filthy waste of money!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070104-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070804-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070104-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070101-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Here's your armor.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070804: Config/Level/Mission/2010708/Act201070804.json-->
::'''Scott:''' That's it, that's it! Wow, that texture!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070804-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090401-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070804-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070104-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070101-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} How is Monster Armor now?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090401: Config/Level/Mission/2010904/Act201090401.json-->
::'''Scott:''' He's alright, he's off the peak now but that's nothing to worry about.
::'''Scott:''' I'll get him to fight a robot a few times next, just to heat things up again.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm worried about contamination by the armor...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026804-->
::'''Scott:''' Contamination? Don't be ridiculous, what kind of contamination can the armor have? I think that guy is ridiculously strong. He can smash the robot with his bare hands.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll go and check on him.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026806-->
:::'''Scott:''' I sign boxers to make money, not to treat them like babies! He's not that delicate!
:::'''Scott:''' Instead of pitying that guy, you should feel sorry for me, who wasted all that money!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh yeah? I don't believe you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026809-->
:::'''Scott:''' Believe it or not, these boxer scums know nothing about being grateful. He's not worth your time.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101026811-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101026811-->
::'''Scott:''' You know what, he's actually got a match today, and he's in there. Go and talk to him, just leave me alone.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201090401-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090409-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090401-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070804-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070104-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070101-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Is Kluzer still here?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090409: Config/Level/Mission/2010904/Act201090409.json-->
::'''Scott:''' Of course he is. He's still under contract. Where else can he go?
::'''Scott:''' He's just another has-been who can't adapt to the audience's tastes... Hmph. He's now just in it for the base wage that I charitably trickle down to him!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you mean by "has-been"?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027212-->
:::'''Scott:''' Ha! You obviously don't pay much attention to our boxing matches, do you? He was beaten so badly by the five-time champ. It was such a one-sided fiasco.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So boxing is all about winning?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027214-->
:::'''Scott:''' Ha, winning won't be enough! Making money for me is more important than winning games.
:::'''Scott:''' Besides, he can't even win anymore. He was beaten so badly by the five-time champ. It was such a one-sided fiasco.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101027217-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027217-->
::'''Scott:''' I know the audience too well. They quickly tire of the old and are constantly chasing after the new. Whoever beats the latest crowd favorite gets to be the next super star.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then why is he still fighting?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027218-->
:::'''Scott:''' What else can he do to put food on the table? It's not like you are gonna pay for his living.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He should just take a break.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027220-->
:::'''Scott:''' A break!? He should first try to take a break from being such a loser!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101027222-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027222-->
::'''Scott:''' If I had known you were coming, I wouldn't have sent him to the Fragmentum to find a new set of armor. Should always leave things like this to pros like you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} New armor?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027223-->
::'''Scott:''' Yeah, didn't I just say, he was badly injured not long ago and even got his armor broken.
::'''Scott:''' He should've tried to be a gracious loser and recognized the massive gap in strength between himself and his opponent.
::'''Scott:''' But that guy doesn't seem to know when to quit. Ever since he woke up from his concussion, he has been pestering me nonstop, begging me to give him another chance in the ring.
::'''Scott:''' Luckily for him, I was in a particularly merciful mood today. So I told him that the audience has been long sick of his old shtick. If he wants to win back the audience, he simply needs to find himself a much more powerful monster for a different set of armor.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is he still fit to fight in his condition?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027228-->
:::'''Scott:''' Who knows? All I saw was the guy limping away with a broken leg. He probably went looking for new armor, as he should.
:::'''Scott:''' But who cares! Monster Armor has already made me quite some money. He can go wherever he wants. After all, it's a free town here.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} There're no different kinds of monster armor!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027231-->
:::'''Scott:''' You think I know nothing about Fragmentum monsters, huh? I've seen some bigger and scarier ones, and if he can get his hands on one of those, then I'm willing to pay more to rehire him.
:::'''Scott:''' I saw the guy limping away with a broken leg. He probably went looking for new armor, as he should. And he'd better find one, or else he shouldn't even bother coming back.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101027233-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027233-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's too dangerous. I'll go find him!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027234-->
:::'''Scott:''' He probably headed to Rivet Town. That's where the monsters are, after all. If you leave now, you may still catch him.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are so cruel.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027236-->
:::'''Scott:''' Hmph. If you don't like this, you can just bring him back. He went looking for monsters, so he must have gone to Rivet Town.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201090409-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201090412--> and {{cx}}<!--performance 501027806 has been seen-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090409-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090401-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070804-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070104-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070101-->)
:{{DIcon}} Did you hear? Kluzer passed away.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501027806: Config/Level/Mission/5010278/Act/Act501027806.json-->
::'''Scott:''' Kluzer? Kluzer... Oh, you mean that thing &mdash; "Monster Armor"!
::'''Scott:''' So he's kicked the bucket, huh... I was wondering why I hadn't seen him for a few days.
::'''Scott:''' Luckily he doesn't have any fights for a while, otherwise he'd definitely mess up my business. I gotta switch things up quickly behind the scenes...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You really are cold-blooded!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027858-->
:::'''Scott:''' Cold-blooded? Me? What do you mean, are you saying that I forced him down that dead end road?
:::'''Scott:''' That's how things are down in the Underworld &mdash; it's high risk, high reward! If you wanna make it big, you have to either stake your life on it, or stake someone else's life on it. Get it?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I knew you'd overreact like that...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027861-->
:::'''Scott:''' Ha, looks like you're a {{MC|m=guy|f=gal}} who keeps themselves up on all the plays.
:::'''Scott:''' That's how things are down in the Underworld &mdash; it's high risk, high reward! If you wanna make it big, you have to either stake your life on it, or stake someone else's life on it...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501027863-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027863-->
::'''Scott:''' Alright, alright. I've got something I need to do, and I don't have the time to keep blathering with you about all this...
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501027806-->
:{{DIcon}} I want to ask you...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501027803: Config/Level/Mission/5010278/Act/Act501027803.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501027818-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027818-->
::'''Scott:''' Hmm? What do you want to know? If you want to know my business secrets, then I'll have to tell you to go away.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_5010278_31-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010278_31-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who are the fighters?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027820-->
:::'''Scott:''' Anyone that wants to be a fighter here needs to have some selling points. As long as they can bring me profit, whether they are clowns or monsters, I'll hire them.
:::'''Scott:''' I'm the best at seeing through people. I can tell at a glance which boxer has real talent and which one is just a loser.
:::'''Scott:''' Why are you asking? Are you thinking about giving it a try now? You could have said yes to me earlier.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there a lot of money in this line of work?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027824-->
:::'''Scott:''' As long as we have a constant flow of customers, income is guaranteed. Hah, do you really think that all I do is sell tickets? What could I do with the tiny bit of money I make from tickets?
:::'''Scott:''' My goal is to create an end-to-end in-depth marketing campaign, segment the audience, seize on the trends, and build an audio-visual entertainment industry around boxing in the Underworld...
:::'''Scott:''' And then link it to all the industries in the Underground to create a business empire...
:::'''Scott:''' Ahem, I've said too much. Just consider this as me thinking out loud....pretend you heard nothing, okay?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard you mistreat the boxers.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027829-->
:::'''Scott:''' Baloney! Who said that? Tell them to say it to my face.
:::'''Scott:''' They are welcome to end their contracts and find a job somewhere else if they can't take it anymore. The mining team would love one of these big, burly guys.
:::'''Scott:''' Maybe they're just too fragile. Instead of reflecting on their own decisions, they accuse me of abuse! The typical mentality of the weak!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501027803-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150231-->)
:{{DIcon}} How have things been?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501027805: Config/Level/Mission/5010278/Act/Act501027805.json-->
::'''Scott:''' Bwahaha, did you hear that? They're lifting the blockade between the Overworld and the Underworld, and the Silvermane Guards will be coming down here!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's in this for you?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Is there a joke in there that I've failed to understand?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027843-->
::'''Scott:''' Hmph, you just don't get it! The Silvermane Guards will definitely be stationed here for a long time. So, here's my question: There's nothing to do for fun down in the Underworld, so what are they going to be getting up to for entertainment?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you hinting at the Fight Club?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you hinting at the Wildfire gathering place?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027846-->
:::'''Scott:''' Oh &mdash; that's shallow, reeeal shallow! The Silvermane Guards don't give a dang about that kinda place!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501027849-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I heard there's a rap battle over at Svarog's...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027848-->
:::'''Scott:''' Oh &mdash; that's shallow, reeeal shallow! The Silvermane Guards don't give a dang about that kinda place!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501027849-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027849-->
::'''Scott:''' Bwahaha, let me tell you: The answer is my Fight Club!
::'''Scott:''' The guards stationed down in the Underworld aren't like those heroes staring down death every day on the frontlines... All they do is stand or patrol. They must be itching to show off their skills.
::'''Scott:''' So you get it, too? All this bloodlust with nowhere to vent. All you can do is rock up to the Fight Club and have a good time.
::'''Scott:''' Hmph, I mustn't waste this opportunity &mdash; now's the time when fortunes are made. Maybe I can fool a few rookies to take a crack at me, or even open up a branch up in the Overworld, tsk tsk tsk...
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501027805-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150231-->)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'm just passing by. I've got somewhere else to be.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501027804: Config/Level/Mission/5010278/Act/Act501027804.json-->
::'''Scott:''' Hmph, ignorant outsiders.
::'''Scott:''' Everyone knows, they have to follow Scott if they want to make a life for themselves Underground.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501027804-->
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_5010278_27)
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010278_27-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to ask you...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027818-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027818-->
::'''Scott:''' Hmm? What do you want to know? If you want to know my business secrets, then I'll have to tell you to go away.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_5010278_31-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010278_31-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010278_31-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who are the fighters?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027820-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027820-->
:::'''Scott:''' Anyone that wants to be a fighter here needs to have some selling points. As long as they can bring me profit, whether they are clowns or monsters, I'll hire them.
:::'''Scott:''' I'm the best at seeing through people. I can tell at a glance which boxer has real talent and which one is just a loser.
:::'''Scott:''' Why are you asking? Are you thinking about giving it a try now? You could have said yes to me earlier.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there a lot of money in this line of work?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027824-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027824-->
:::'''Scott:''' As long as we have a constant flow of customers, income is guaranteed. Hah, do you really think that all I do is sell tickets? What could I do with the tiny bit of money I make from tickets?
:::'''Scott:''' My goal is to create an end-to-end in-depth marketing campaign, segment the audience, seize on the trends, and build an audio-visual entertainment industry around boxing in the Underworld...
:::'''Scott:''' And then link it to all the industries in the Underground to create a business empire...
:::'''Scott:''' Ahem, I've said too much. Just consider this as me thinking out loud....pretend you heard nothing, okay?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard you mistreat the boxers.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027829-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027829-->
:::'''Scott:''' Baloney! Who said that? Tell them to say it to my face.
:::'''Scott:''' They are welcome to end their contracts and find a job somewhere else if they can't take it anymore. The mining team would love one of these big, burly guys.
:::'''Scott:''' Maybe they're just too fragile. Instead of reflecting on their own decisions, they accuse me of abuse! The typical mentality of the weak!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who are the fighters?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027820-->
:::'''Scott:''' Anyone that wants to be a fighter here needs to have some selling points. As long as they can bring me profit, whether they are clowns or monsters, I'll hire them.
:::'''Scott:''' I'm the best at seeing through people. I can tell at a glance which boxer has real talent and which one is just a loser.
:::'''Scott:''' Why are you asking? Are you thinking about giving it a try now? You could have said yes to me earlier.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there a lot of money in this line of work?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027824-->
:::'''Scott:''' As long as we have a constant flow of customers, income is guaranteed. Hah, do you really think that all I do is sell tickets? What could I do with the tiny bit of money I make from tickets?
:::'''Scott:''' My goal is to create an end-to-end in-depth marketing campaign, segment the audience, seize on the trends, and build an audio-visual entertainment industry around boxing in the Underworld...
:::'''Scott:''' And then link it to all the industries in the Underground to create a business empire...
:::'''Scott:''' Ahem, I've said too much. Just consider this as me thinking out loud....pretend you heard nothing, okay?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard you mistreat the boxers.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027829-->
:::'''Scott:''' Baloney! Who said that? Tell them to say it to my face.
:::'''Scott:''' They are welcome to end their contracts and find a job somewhere else if they can't take it anymore. The mining team would love one of these big, burly guys.
:::'''Scott:''' Maybe they're just too fragile. Instead of reflecting on their own decisions, they accuse me of abuse! The typical mentality of the weak!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::'''Scott:''' Hmm? What do you want to know? If you want to know my business secrets, then I'll have to tell you to go away.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_5010278_31-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010278_31-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who are the fighters?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027820-->
:::'''Scott:''' Anyone that wants to be a fighter here needs to have some selling points. As long as they can bring me profit, whether they are clowns or monsters, I'll hire them.
:::'''Scott:''' I'm the best at seeing through people. I can tell at a glance which boxer has real talent and which one is just a loser.
:::'''Scott:''' Why are you asking? Are you thinking about giving it a try now? You could have said yes to me earlier.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there a lot of money in this line of work?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027824-->
:::'''Scott:''' As long as we have a constant flow of customers, income is guaranteed. Hah, do you really think that all I do is sell tickets? What could I do with the tiny bit of money I make from tickets?
:::'''Scott:''' My goal is to create an end-to-end in-depth marketing campaign, segment the audience, seize on the trends, and build an audio-visual entertainment industry around boxing in the Underworld...
:::'''Scott:''' And then link it to all the industries in the Underground to create a business empire...
:::'''Scott:''' Ahem, I've said too much. Just consider this as me thinking out loud....pretend you heard nothing, okay?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I heard you mistreat the boxers.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027829-->
:::'''Scott:''' Baloney! Who said that? Tell them to say it to my face.
:::'''Scott:''' They are welcome to end their contracts and find a job somewhere else if they can't take it anymore. The mining team would love one of these big, burly guys.
:::'''Scott:''' Maybe they're just too fragile. Instead of reflecting on their own decisions, they accuse me of abuse! The typical mentality of the weak!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_5010278_21)
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010278_21-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not here for the match.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't you look down on me.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027815-->
::'''Scott:''' ...Then are you here for business? You don't look like a businessman.
::'''Scott:''' So, what exactly do you want to see me about?
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Scott
|zhs  = 史考特
|zht  = 史考特
|ja   = スコット
|ko   = 스콧
|es   = Scott
|fr   = Scott
|ru   = Скотт
|th   = Scott
|vi   = Scott
|de   = Scott
|id   = Scott
|pt   = Scott
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}