<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tanya#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Cynic
|image           = NPC Tanya.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Jarilo-VI
|location        = Boulder Town
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Tanya''' is an NPC on [[Jarilo-VI]], located in [[Boulder Town]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Boulder Town|npc_3_400013}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_5010276_29-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010276_29-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You know about up there?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027618-->
::'''Tanya:''' Of course. Back when my husband and I first met, we used to have romantic candlelit dinners up there in the restaurants. I'm not just some country kid, tsk...
::'''Tanya:''' Uh, hang on &mdash; do you mean up above right now? I really don't know. Could you tell me about it?
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your view of the evacuation of the Guards?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027626-->
::'''Tanya:''' What's there to say? I heard it's on Madam Cocolia's orders, but she has to have her reasons... She's the Supreme Guardian after all. If I can't trust her, who can I trust?
::'''Tanya:''' So... I think that sooner or later the Guards will return to the Underworld to protect us! The Supreme Guardian will never abandon us!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 100005005,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 101150231,
		"Param2": 3
	}
]
</pre>
:'''Tanya:''' Same as before. But... have you heard? The Underworld and Overworld are being connected soon! I knew the Supreme Guardian would never abandon us, and withdrawing Guards was just out of circumstances... Great! We have hope!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you think it's the work of the Supreme Guardian?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501024185-->
::'''Tanya:''' Of course, it is! The Supreme Guardian is far-sighted, and more powerful than us commoners in every way. It's a pity then that some villagers have taken to slandering the name of the Supreme Guardian...
::'''Tanya:''' Especially that Wildfire and the vagrants, endlessly complaining about how the Supreme Guardian abandoned the Underworld... Now she's back. Hmph, I'll have to see how they spin this one.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem excited.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501024187-->
::'''Tanya:''' What do you mean? Don't you feel excited, too?
::'''Tanya:''' Once the Silvermane Guards return to the Underworld, the glorious future of this place will be obvious to all.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501024189-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501024189-->
:'''Tanya:''' Hey... Why haven't the Silvermane Guards come down yet? It only feels safe to have them patrol around the town!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Tanya:''' My husband has been coming back early these days, and peace and quiet has been in short supply. Let's add another dish.
:'''Tanya:''' But... I'll have to buy everything and cook it myself... Ack, I really miss those days when we could date up there... I wonder what that man from the Guards is up to these days...
:'''Tanya:''' Ah? It's you. You startled me. I thought it was some dense vagrants.
:'''Tanya:''' What do you want from me?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:'''Tanya:''' I'm telling you, don't you dare be like those vagrants and dream that you're smarter than Madam Cocolia and the government.
:'''Tanya:''' The Supreme Guardian will never abandon us. And the Silvermane Guards have to return some time. Just you wait and see!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501027601: Config/Level/Mission/5010276/Act/Act501027601.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501027601-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027601-->
::'''Tanya:''' Ack, these Wildfire guys... and the vagrants, they're so annoying... can't you just chill out?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_5010276_10-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010276_10-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't like Wildfire?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027605-->
:::'''Tanya:''' I don't hate Wildfire. I just think they're too idealistic. I might be just a housewife, but I know a thing or two about the outside world.
:::'''Tanya:''' Food, water, waste disposal, logistics &mdash; it's a mess from head to toe in the Underworld. Without these basics guaranteed, how do you plan on defending your home? Why, it's just a daydream!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to hate the vagrants.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027608-->
:::'''Tanya:''' Of course. They stir up trouble all day. They should settle down and get stable jobs.
:::'''Tanya:''' I know some people lost their homes because of the monsters, but is it that hard for able-bodied people to find jobs? You can't let your situation dictate your predicament, instead you have to adapt. Do you get me?
:::'''Tanya:''' So that's how I taught my kids &mdash; "If you don't listen to your parents, you'll end up as a vagrant when you grow up!"
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501027609-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027609-->
::'''Tanya:''' Why are you asking so many questions? You don't look like a vagrant. Are you part of the Wildfire? No, you don't dress like you're from the Underworld... Are you from the Overworld?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_5010276_21-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010276_21-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You misunderstand.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm just passing through.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027615-->
::'''Tanya:''' ...Gee, I thought you were some big shot from above... So what's your deal?
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000047: Config/Level/NPC/W1/NPC_DefaultStory_1000050.json-->
::'''Tanya:''' My husband has been coming back early these days, and peace and quiet has been in short supply. Let's add another dish.
::'''Tanya:''' But... I'll have to buy everything and cook it myself... Ack, I really miss those days when we could date up there... I wonder what that man from the Guards is up to these days...
::'''Tanya:''' Ah? It's you. You startled me. I thought it was some dense vagrants.
::'''Tanya:''' What do you want from me?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I'm surprised that...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_5010276_29-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010276_29-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You know about up there?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027618-->
:::'''Tanya:''' Of course. Back when my husband and I first met, we used to have romantic candlelit dinners up there in the restaurants. I'm not just some country kid, tsk...
:::'''Tanya:''' Uh, hang on &mdash; do you mean up above right now? I really don't know. Could you tell me about it?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your view of the evacuation of the Guards?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027626-->
:::'''Tanya:''' What's there to say? I heard it's on Madam Cocolia's orders, but she has to have her reasons... She's the Supreme Guardian after all. If I can't trust her, who can I trust?
:::'''Tanya:''' So... I think that sooner or later the Guards will return to the Underworld to protect us! The Supreme Guardian will never abandon us!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150231-->)
:{{DIcon}} How have things been?
::'''Tanya:''' Same as before. But... have you heard? The Underworld and Overworld are being connected soon! I knew the Supreme Guardian would never abandon us, and withdrawing Guards was just out of circumstances... Great! We have hope!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you think it's the work of the Supreme Guardian?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501024185-->
:::'''Tanya:''' Of course, it is! The Supreme Guardian is far-sighted, and more powerful than us commoners in every way. It's a pity then that some villagers have taken to slandering the name of the Supreme Guardian...
:::'''Tanya:''' Especially that Wildfire and the vagrants, endlessly complaining about how the Supreme Guardian abandoned the Underworld... Now she's back. Hmph, I'll have to see how they spin this one.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem excited.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501024187-->
:::'''Tanya:''' What do you mean? Don't you feel excited, too?
:::'''Tanya:''' Once the Silvermane Guards return to the Underworld, the glorious future of this place will be obvious to all.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501024189-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501024189-->
::'''Tanya:''' Hey... Why haven't the Silvermane Guards come down yet? It only feels safe to have them patrol around the town!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150231-->)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Nothing. Sorry, I have to go.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::'''Tanya:''' I'm telling you, don't you dare be like those vagrants and dream that you're smarter than Madam Cocolia and the government.
::'''Tanya:''' The Supreme Guardian will never abandon us. And the Silvermane Guards have to return some time. Just you wait and see!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_5010276_26)
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010276_26-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm surprised that...
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010276_29-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You know about up there?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027618-->
:::'''Tanya:''' Of course. Back when my husband and I first met, we used to have romantic candlelit dinners up there in the restaurants. I'm not just some country kid, tsk...
:::'''Tanya:''' Uh, hang on &mdash; do you mean up above right now? I really don't know. Could you tell me about it?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_5010276_29-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010276_29-->
::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your view of the evacuation of the Guards?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027626-->
::::'''Tanya:''' What's there to say? I heard it's on Madam Cocolia's orders, but she has to have her reasons... She's the Supreme Guardian after all. If I can't trust her, who can I trust?
::::'''Tanya:''' So... I think that sooner or later the Guards will return to the Underworld to protect us! The Supreme Guardian will never abandon us!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your view of the evacuation of the Guards?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027626-->
:::'''Tanya:''' What's there to say? I heard it's on Madam Cocolia's orders, but she has to have her reasons... She's the Supreme Guardian after all. If I can't trust her, who can I trust?
:::'''Tanya:''' So... I think that sooner or later the Guards will return to the Underworld to protect us! The Supreme Guardian will never abandon us!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_5010276_29-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_5010276_29-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} You know about up there?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501027618-->
::::'''Tanya:''' Of course. Back when my husband and I first met, we used to have romantic candlelit dinners up there in the restaurants. I'm not just some country kid, tsk...
::::'''Tanya:''' Uh, hang on &mdash; do you mean up above right now? I really don't know. Could you tell me about it?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Miner
|zhs  = 矿民
|zht  = 礦民
|ja   = 鉱夫
|ko   = 광부
|es   = Personal de la mina
|fr   = Mineur
|ru   = Шахтёр
|th   = คนงานเหมือง
|vi   = Thợ Mỏ
|de   = Bergarbeiter
|id   = Penambang
|pt   = Minerador
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}