{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Divergent Universe:''' You open your eyes to find yourself amidst waves of golden wheat. A gentle breeze caresses your face as wisps of smoke rise from the chimneys of a distant village. Though the sun is nowhere to be seen in the sky, it radiates a soft, bright glow.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "Hey, fancy seeing you here." A familiar voice comes from behind. You turn around to find that girl, wheat grains stuck to the hem and cuffs of her clothes, as if she's been napping in the fields.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "Ah, just to be clear, I wasn't slacking off. I was just getting some creative inspiration here. Look, I made you this wreath from wheat stalks. It's yours!"
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who are you?
::'''Divergent Universe:''' "Don't you remember?" she laughed, "That's okay, I'll tell you everything, every last detail of the story we wrote together."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you, I'll take good care of it.
::'''Divergent Universe:''' "Hehe, no need to thank me! I'm just glad you like it. After all the adventures we've been through together, consider it a little memento."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I must be dreaming...
::'''Divergent Universe:''' "Is it a dream, or a memory?" she laughed, "Maybe they're one and the same? Either way, just sit back and enjoy the story."
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "Speaking of stories..." The girl conjures up a seemingly familiar, thick book, and its pages rustle in the wind.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "What kind of story would you like to hear today?"
:{{DIcon|Star}} An exciting adventure story. &mdash; Obtain 2 Benediction Shard(s) and 5 random Blessing(s) of the corresponding Path.
::'''Divergent Universe:''' "...And so the story ends. The threat at the kingdom's borders was quelled, and the hero's deeds would be sung for ages to come. Yet none would know that the legendary 'evil dragon' had quietly become the maiden who stood by the hero's side..."
:{{DIcon|Star}} A mythological fable. &mdash; Obtain 5 Golden Blood's Boons.
::'''Divergent Universe:''' "...And so the story ends. The king who sought immortality would never die, but his youth slowly withered away with time... The moral of the story is: Be very, very careful what you wish for."
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "How about that? Isn't it wonderful? I love the ending most. It comes with a little touch of fantasy." The girl closes the book, and the heroes and epics all become a page of eternity.
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "Well then, I look forward to seeing you again. I'm sure our story will have a romantic ending too ♪"

;(Unused &mdash; triggerOpt_627003)
:'''Divergent Universe:''' "...And so the story ends. The fallen heroes returned from the nether realm, and the ravaged villages were restored. Everyone joined hands, singing and dancing around the bonfire until twilight's end..."
::'''Divergent Universe:''' "How about that? Isn't it wonderful? I love the ending most. It comes with a little touch of fantasy." The girl closes the book, and the heroes and epics all become a page of eternity.
::'''Divergent Universe:''' "Well then, I look forward to seeing you again. I'm sure our story will have a romantic ending too ♪"
:;(Immediately ends the occurrence)
{{Dialogue End}}