<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Aglaea#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Aglaea.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Aglaea''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_119_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 304009019: Config/Level/Mission/3040090/Act/Act304009019.json-->
:Aglaea, the demigod of Romance, leader of the Chrysos Heirs, has burned her last golden radiance for the Flame-Chase Journey. What you now behold is merely an afterimage reproduced from memory.
:'''Aglaea:''' The golden thread had already foreseen your arrival when you were a hundred steps away, dear guest. Esteemed (Trailblazer), have you come to rest?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please evaluate yourself.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304009524-->
:The fragment of memory seems to waver &mdash; memories of words once spoken blend together due to the emotion they contain...
:'''Aglaea:''' In these one thousand years... I've witnessed the fall of ten Titans. From my naive arrogance at the beginning to slowly learning how to guide others...
:'''Aglaea:''' I hope my departure... will form steps that others may ascend.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Phainon will not disappoint you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304009528-->
::'''Aglaea:''' He is the destined Worldbearer of Amphoreus, the gate to Amphoreus's future.
::'''Aglaea:''' I will be waiting at the end of the west wind, looking forward to the miracle he will create.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've already done enough.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304009531-->
::'''Aglaea:''' Have I?
::'''Aglaea:''' Maybe I should be grateful... grateful that I've reached this moment.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We will witness the Era Nova for you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304009534-->
::'''Aglaea:''' ...
::The shadow of the memory remains silent, for this conversation never truly occurred.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_304009019-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Aglaea
|zhs  = 阿格莱雅
|zht  = 阿格萊雅
|ja   = アグライア
|ko   = 아글라이아
|es   = Aglaea
|fr   = Aglaé
|ru   = Аглая
|th   = Aglaea
|vi   = Aglaea
|de   = Aglaea
|id   = Aglaea
|pt   = Aglaea
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}