<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Akmonides#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Busybody
|image           = NPC Akmonides.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Akmonides''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_125_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504085001: Config/Level/Mission/5040850/Act/Act504085001.json-->
:'''Akmonides:''' Oh! Fancy meeting you here. Destiny truly binds us, my friend~
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504085001_8-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504085001_8-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why are you here...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504085003-->
::'''Akmonides:''' Trust me, my friend, this spot offers the best view in all of Okhema &mdash; whether witnessing a deity's final act or observing mortal theatrics.
::'''Akmonides:''' Behold &mdash; humanity's last sanctuary now shelters none. Even Zagreus would applaud this magnificent spectacle, don't you think?
::'''Akmonides:''' Though I'm no drama critic &mdash; hard to say if this is tragedy, comedy, or farce...
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Any plans after this?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504085007-->
::'''Akmonides:''' Ah... Truth be told, as a self-proclaimed follower of Zagreus, I'm forever led by my insatiable curiosity.
::'''Akmonides:''' I've imagined Okhema's fall and Amphoreus' doom countless times. Yet now that it's here... I find myself oddly... underwhelmed.
::'''Akmonides:''' Though should your "expedition team" seek new members... I'd gladly volunteer~
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you know of the Era Nova?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504085011-->
::'''Akmonides:''' The Era Nova? Let's say even the Chrysos Heirs who preach about it can't properly explain what it truly means.
::'''Akmonides:''' "Absolute perfection", "Eternal bliss"... Empty concepts like shoddy dromas plushies &mdash; comforting only the desperate.
::'''Akmonides:''' Curious? Certainly. But I'm more intrigued by your Sky Titan conquests... How does one build such an enormous palace in the sky? Does that mean that the sky and earth are not separated?
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll take my leave now.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504085015-->
::'''Akmonides:''' Ah, how fleeting sweet moments are... Till fate reunites us, friend!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Akmonides
|zhs  = 阿克蒙
|zht  = 阿克蒙
|ja   = アクモン
|ko   = 아크모니데스
|es   = Akmónides
|fr   = Achéménide
|ru   = Акмонидис
|th   = Akmonides
|vi   = Akmonides
|de   = Akmonides
|id   = Akmonides
|pt   = Akmonides
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}