<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Aphrea#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Tailor Shop Owner
|image           = NPC Aphrea.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Aphrea''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_111_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
:----
::'''Aphrea:''' Greetings, guest... ah, apologies, I'm so used to saying that, I couldn't change it in time.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504081002_15-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504081002_15-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
:----
::'''Aphrea:''' I can't host you as I did before, please forgive me.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504081002_15-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504081002_15-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504081002_15-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why are you here?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504081103-->
::'''Aphrea:''' When the catastrophe struck, I was in the tailor's shop. I heard that there were injured people at Marmoreal Palace in urgent need of material to stop the bleeding, so I quickly gathered some fabric and rushed over.
::'''Aphrea:''' I never imagined the situation had become this severe... Fortunately, the guards reacted quickly. Otherwise, the cloth I brought wouldn't have been nearly enough.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is Vulcan doing okay?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504081106-->
::'''Aphrea:''' He and I said our final goodbyes at the market. I heard that the guards stationed at the city walls suffered heavy losses, and he was preparing to take the weapons from the blacksmith shop to support them.
::'''Aphrea:''' You really should have seen him holding that longsword, freshly taken from the forge, glowing red hot before the quenching. The fiery light reflecting off his muscles... it was an incredible sight.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you worried about him?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504081109-->
:::'''Aphrea:''' We both understood each other's resolve. At this moment, words were unnecessary.
:::'''Aphrea:''' For me, that farewell in that moment was already enough.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That really does sound impressive!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504081112-->
:::'''Aphrea:''' Right? I knew it, he's the best!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you think about the "Era Nova"?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504081114-->
::'''Aphrea:''' ...I believe in Lady Aglaea. This cause, defended with the lives of her and the heroes of the Chrysos Heir, will surely lead us to a beautiful new world in the end.
::'''Aphrea:''' For now, the guards are still fighting to protect the Holy City, and we citizens must also take responsibility and stand together to endure this most difficult time.
::'''Aphrea:''' After all, Era Nova is merely a hope. Until that day comes, we must still live our lives as best we can.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll leave you to it.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504081118-->
::'''Aphrea:''' You're too kind. If you ever need help, please don't hesitate to find me.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Aphrea
|zhs  = 阿芙罗
|zht  = 阿芙羅
|ja   = アウロ
|ko   = 아프리나
|es   = Afrea
|fr   = Aphaïa
|ru   = Афрея
|th   = Aphrea
|vi   = Aphrea
|de   = Aphrea
|id   = Aphrea
|pt   = Aphrea
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}