<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Bacchus#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Ambrosia Manager
|image           = NPC Bacchus.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Bacchus''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_129_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504097001: Config/Level/Mission/5040970/Act/Act504097001.json-->
:'''Bacchus:''' Ambrosia's apocalyptic discount: Not 300, nor 200... it's all free! My treat!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504097001_8-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504097001_8-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'll have one.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504097003-->
::'''Bacchus:''' Of course! And don't go for the random ambrosia. I've got the best reserved for regulars.
::'''Bacchus:''' Come, try this bottle of millennium-aged brew. It's been preserved since the last celebration of Phagousa. I haven't been able to bring myself to open it until now.
::'''Bacchus:''' Come, let's raise a toast! One glass to the happy days gone by, and another to the tomorrow that will never come!
::You raise the bottle, and down it in one go. But the expected intoxication doesn't hit...
::'''Bacchus:''' No feeling at all, huh? Heh, your nerves are so tense that you've resisted Phagousa's divine power.
::'''Bacchus:''' Looks like you don't belong here. You're destined for a greater mission, my friend.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Cheer up, the Era Nova is about to succeed!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504097010-->
::'''Bacchus:''' What does the Era Nova mean? I don't understand.
::'''Bacchus:''' But even the ever-burning Dawn Device can't hold up anymore. I think this is the end of Amphoreus...
::'''Bacchus:''' I'm scared... the people at the baths are scared... no one isn't scared...
::'''Bacchus:''' Then drink up! I feel much better now. I feel warm, and that nervousness has disappeared.
::'''Bacchus:''' At least, for this last time, I finally heard {{Rubi|my deity|Phagousa}} speak to me. They said &mdash;
::'''Bacchus:''' "Hurry and drink up. When the sky truly collapses, your good ambrosia will all be wasted," hahaha!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Enjoy yourself.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504097017-->
::'''Bacchus:''' Yeah. And good luck to you, my friend.
::'''Bacchus:''' If there really is an afterlife, I hope the world will rest in {{Rubi|their|Phagousa's}} {{Rubi|cradle|Ocean}}...
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Bacchus
|zhs  = 巴克斯
|zht  = 巴克斯
|ja   = バッカス
|ko   = 바커스
|es   = Baco
|fr   = Bacchus
|ru   = Бахус
|th   = Bacchus
|vi   = Bacchus
|de   = Bacchus
|id   = Bacchus
|pt   = Baco
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}