<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Clementine#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Twilight Courtyard Healer
|image           = NPC Clementine.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Clementine''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_109_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Clementine:''' It's great to have you back, {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer).
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The patient is...
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504072003-->
:'''Clementine:''' Demosthenes. You may have seen this thin young man at the baths before.
:'''Clementine:''' He was severely wounded while protecting a child too frightened to move from the black tide creatures. His life is now in danger.
:'''Clementine:''' They say he's normally shy and insecure, always admiring others' athletic builds. But when those frightening monsters appeared, he immediately shielded the child with his back without a second thought...
:'''Clementine:''' That attack has left him unconscious until now, and perhaps... he will never wake up again.
:'''Clementine:''' Miss Hyacinth would definitely be able to save him if she were here. If only my medical skills were more advanced...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not your fault. You've done everything you can.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504072009-->
:'''Clementine:''' Thank you. As a healer, watching a life slip away before your eyes inevitably creates a sense of helplessness.
:'''Clementine:''' But Miss Hyacine has entrusted the Twilight Courtyard to me.
:'''Clementine:''' Although... I still can't show a cheerful smile to every suffering patient like her...
:'''Clementine:''' But at the very least, I should try not to look too sad.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}