<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ctesias#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Dromas Caretaker
|image           = NPC Ctesias.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Ctesias''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_132_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504093001: Config/Level/Mission/5040930/Act/Act504093001.json-->
:'''Ctesias:''' Hero...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you alright?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504093003-->
::'''Ctesias:''' Not great, not terrible.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hurry and seek shelter!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504093005-->
::'''Ctesias:''' I&mdash;I can't go. Some of these big fellas are startled... Someone needs to take care of them.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504093006-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504093006-->
:'''Ctesias:''' A-actually, when the monsters appeared, I was really scared. I originally wanted to flee with the crowd, but I didn't get that far, only to see a dromas suffering major wounds while protecting the people...
:'''Ctesias:''' When I came too again, I found myself standing here at the relay post with a full set of medical equipment at the ready...
:'''Ctesias:''' ...Right. Come to think of it in detail, this place is pretty safe. It's not only protected by Georios, but the big ones will also be watching over us.
:The surrounding dromases hum in agreement, as if they are in agreement with this diligent Earth Scout's thoughts.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't panic. The Era Nova...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504093011-->
::'''Ctesias:''' Is coming... right? I don't worry about that, but... what's the new world going to be like... going to be for the dromases?
::'''Ctesias:''' I heard that the great Kephale will ensure every being in the new world is treated fairly. So... does that mean dromas might turn into chimeras, seals, or something else entirely?
::'''Ctesias:''' Or maybe we'll turn into dromas, and they'll turn into us? That doesn't sound too bad, actually... Ahh, by Georios above, may there always be a place for the dromas!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So what's your plan now?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504093015-->
::'''Ctesias:''' I've got nowhere to go. I just paid my respects to my fallen comrades, so after that... I'll be focusing on these big guys. Came up with a few new recipes recently &mdash; might as well let 'em try out now.
::'''Ctesias:''' Come on, fellas! Fresh raw redsoil &mdash;
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504093017-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504093017-->
:'''Ctesias:''' If you've got nowhere else to go, hero, why not stay here with us? With Georios watching over us, everything's going to be okay... It's going to be okay...
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ctesias
|zhs  = 克特西
|zht  = 克特西
|ja   = コルテス
|ko   = 크테시아스
|es   = Ctesias
|fr   = Ctésias
|ru   = Ктисиас
|th   = Ctesias
|vi   = Ctesias
|de   = Ctesias
|id   = Ctesias
|pt   = Ctesias
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}