<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Daros#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Baths Attendant
|image           = NPC Daros.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Daros''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_114_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
:----
::'''Daros:''' ...Greetings, guest. As you can see, the bathhouse is currently closed...
::'''Daros:''' ...
::'''Daros:''' ...But the bath pools remain open, and you are free to use them. However, most of the attendants... have already gone off duty, so I ask for your understanding.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504082002_17-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504082002_17-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
:----
::'''Daros:''' Ah... an empty bathhouse, how many people would ever get to witness such a sight under normal circumstances? We are truly fortunate.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504082002_17-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504082002_17-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504082002_17-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You seem quite relaxed.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504082103-->
::'''Daros:''' Yes, after a lifetime in "service", it's rare to have the chance. So let me enjoy the experience of being a guest for once.
::'''Daros:''' Guest, I know... you are quite skilled yourself. If you don't mind the current situation, why not find a pool and take a soak? It's quite helpful for calming the mind.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's the condition of the bathhouse?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504082106-->
::'''Daros:''' Some monsters broke in... Unlike the "Strife" incident, they appeared very suddenly. The guests panicked a bit, but a "prismatic barrier" separated the monsters from the people.
::'''Daros:''' The bathing guards reacted swiftly, grabbing the stone tablet manuscripts from the library and hurling them at the monsters, buying enough time to fully arm themselves. Truly, knowledge is power.
::'''Daros:''' Later, all the guests evacuated. The only ones left in the bathhouse were the hysterical ones... and odd people like me, who just couldn't part with the warmth of the water.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} "Era Nova" is coming, you...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504082110-->
::'''Daros:''' To abandon everything and welcome a new world, that is a wish I can never attain.
::'''Daros:''' People fear losing the memories they cherish, while I only wish to forget the past, which entwined with strife... turning it into nightmares that rob me of sleep. Hearing that everything will be reset, I feel nothing but gratitude.
::'''Daros:''' ...I plan to welcome this blessing while immersed in the bathwater. Hopefully, it won't keep me waiting too long.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll be going now. Stay safe.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504082114-->
::'''Daros:''' I will. You take care as well, guest. See you in the new world.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Daros
|zhs  = 达罗
|zht  = 達羅
|ja   = ダロ
|ko   = 다로스
|es   = Daros
|fr   = Daros
|ru   = Дарос
|th   = Daros
|vi   = Daros
|de   = Daros
|id   = Daros
|pt   = Daros
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}