<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Demetria#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Fruit and Veg Store Owner
|image           = NPC Demetria.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Demetria''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_115_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Demetria:''' The sky falls, the earth shakes, the end of days has finally come.
:'''Demetria:''' There's still lots of data I haven't saved. Young one, if you have time, could you help me?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504079001_9-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504079001_9-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504079004-->
::'''Demetria:''' Just my old job &mdash; falling rocks have crushed the garden nursery, disrupting some "seeds" that record life essence data, and I'm trying to restore them.
::'''Demetria:''' We must deliver the spark of civilization safely to the next world &mdash; if the new world doesn't have treats like the "Mediterrana fig," how will I run my produce stand!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Here, allow me.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504079007-->
::'''Demetria:''' Oh, thank you! We don't see many accommodating young fellows like you nowadays.
::'''Demetria:''' Many records are scattered on the ground, too many to sort through individually. Please collect what you think is important, and I'll organize them together.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Collect "Imperial Water Lily"...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504079010-->
:::'''Demetria:''' Yes, we can't forget that one. Its roots are strong, and its leaves can even support dromas.
:::'''Demetria:''' They say during the Golden Era, many city-states used them to build bridges across the shallows. We'll definitely need them in the next world.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504079015-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504079015-->
:::'''Demetria:''' I'll move this data to a safe bookshelf. Thank you, you've been a great help.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Collect "Hard-billed Mosquito"...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504079013-->
:::'''Demetria:''' Ugh... these creatures bite painfully and often become pests. Maybe we should just let them perish?
:::'''Demetria:''' Haha, just kidding. All living beings have a reason to exist.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504079015-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504079015-->
:::'''Demetria:''' I'll move this data to a safe bookshelf. Thank you, you've been a great help.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you believe in "Era Nova" yourself?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504079017-->
::'''Demetria:''' Hmm... I studied at the Grove for many years and spent most of my life doing research. By the wisdom bestowed by Cerces, I see no flaws in Anaxa's reasoning.
::'''Demetria:''' Even if it's just for a second, I'd love to be able to see my daughter again in the newly created world.
::'''Demetria:''' Hmm... in the next life, I will never let her join any expedition again...
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I have other matters to attend to.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504079021-->
::'''Demetria:''' That's true, time is running out. Young one, if there's something you want to do or someone you want to see, go now while you still can!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Demetria
|zhs  = 德墨忒尔
|zht  = 德墨忒爾
|ja   = デメテル
|ko   = 데미트리아
|es   = Deméter
|fr   = Démétria
|ru   = Деметрия
|th   = Demetria
|vi   = Demetria
|de   = Demetria
|id   = Demetria
|pt   = Demétria
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}