<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dorian#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Holy City Guard
|image           = NPC Dorian.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Dorian''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_117_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Dorian:''' Everyone, stay here. Safe, here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How is the situation?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504077003-->
::'''Dorian:''' Not good. Monsters, coming in waves. Rainbow dome, big help. But people are panicking.
::'''Dorian:''' Some went mad, ran outside. Petros went to rescue them, but fell.
::'''Dorian:''' As long as I stand, civilians won't fall. I must keep standing.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hang on, the Era Nova is almost here.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504077007-->
::'''Dorian:''' Not my concern. Don't want to hear about it. Dying before then, everything, wasted!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't be too hard on yourself.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504077010-->
::'''Dorian:''' Petros sacrificed himself. But I was busy, elsewhere! If only, I had paid more attention!
::'''Dorian:''' I cannot forgive myself... and the monsters, even so.
::'''Dorian:''' Don't worry about me. The guards will protect this place, no matter how long. This, is the Mountain Dwellers' oath.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How are the other Mountain Dwellers doing?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504077014-->
::'''Dorian:''' Many went upstairs. Chartonus is also fighting, leading the craftsmen. We are stronger, praise Georios.
::'''Dorian:''' Heed Georios's teaching &mdash; in times of crisis, his people must become shields of stone. We always remember this, always follow it.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}