<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hekate#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Exploration Team Leader
|image           = NPC Hekate.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hekate''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_128_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504088001: Config/Level/Mission/5040880/Act/Act504088001.json-->
:'''Hekate:''' My lord, this is the frontline against the black tide. Advance no further.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504088001_8-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504088001_8-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why are you here?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504088003-->
::'''Hekate:''' Black tide creations breached defenses. When our expedition came to aid... the carnage defied description.
::'''Hekate:''' We only managed to secure this position when guards and craftsmen rushed over from the marketplace to reinforce us.
::'''Hekate:''' The captain of the city gate... fell to the black tide, fulfilling his duty to the sky father. I've taken command of our forces here now.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How's the situation?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504088007-->
::'''Hekate:''' We've driven back the black tide, but fresh creatures continue to attack in waves. We're holding, but worse than the attacks is how despair has begun to infect our ranks.
::'''Hekate:''' There's no time to rest or tend to our wounds. We watch our friends fall, unable even to retrieve their bodies. And still the black tide continues relentlessly&mdash;
::'''Hekate:''' The worst part? Sometimes you recognize the faces of your fallen comrades among these creatures.
::'''Hekate:''' Sorry... I shouldn't burden you with such grim thoughts.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} We just need to hold out until "Era Nova"...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504088012-->
::'''Hekate:''' Whether we journey to a new world or {{Rubi|Thanatos|Death Titan}} draws his hands over our eyes... anything would be better than this endless fight...
::'''Hekate:''' If Kephale is truly merciful, they would bring this suffering to a swifter end.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Stay strong.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504088015-->
::'''Hekate:''' We've sounded the call to arms. With any luck, reinforcements will arrive soon and we might finally have a moment to breathe.
::'''Hekate:''' Please go help the others instead. We can hold our ground here.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hekate
|zhs  = 赫卡忒
|zht  = 赫卡忒
|ja   = ヘカテー
|ko   = 헤카테
|es   = Hécate
|fr   = Hécate
|ru   = Геката
|th   = Hekate
|vi   = Hekate
|de   = Hekate
|id   = Hekate
|pt   = Hékate
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}