<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hyacine#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Hyacine.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hyacine''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_118_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 304009018: Config/Level/Mission/3040090/Act/Act304009018.json-->
:Hyacine of the Twilight Courtyard, the gentlest Chrysos Heir in your heart. She has mended the sky, and offers a healing smile to the earth. What you now behold is merely an afterimage reproduced from memory.
:'''Hyacine:''' Ah, Grayie! What a gorgeous sunny day, thank Kephale. You're here to soak up some sun too, aren't you?
:'''Hyacine:''' Or perhaps... Is there something on your mind that you want to talk about?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are the most gentle and magnificent healer ever!
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304009505-->
:The fragment of memory seems to waver &mdash; memories of words once spoken blend together due to the emotion they contain...
:'''Hyacine:''' Ah... thank you for your compliment!
:'''Hyacine:''' I am merely a healer. Even with this power, I cannot match the strength of other demigods.
:'''Hyacine:''' But if I can bring down gentle rainbow light and protect as many lives as possible...
:'''Hyacine:''' Then I will have truly realized my dream.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Now you've become a hero too.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304009511-->
::'''Hyacine:''' Haha... almost every epic tale concludes with a hero's great deeds.
::'''Hyacine:''' But what I truly wish is to stand behind the heroes, healing every ordinary person who might drown when the golden tide pushes the world toward its rebirth.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Save me a rainbow bridge, I still want to see you again.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304009514-->
::'''Hyacine:''' ...
::The shadow of the memory remains silent, for this conversation never truly occurred.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hyacine
|zhs  = 风堇
|zht  = 風堇
|ja   = ヒアンシー
|ko   = 히아킨
|es   = Hyacine
|fr   = Hyacine
|ru   = Гиацина
|th   = Hyacine
|vi   = Hyacine
|de   = Hyacine
|id   = Hyacine
|pt   = Hyacine
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}