<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Iason#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Self-Proclaimed Adventurer
|image           = NPC Iason.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Iason''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_116_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Iason:''' Ah... it's you. With you here, everyone should feel much more at ease.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504078001_8-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504078001_8-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504078003-->
::'''Iason:''' Patrolling and keeping basic order, as you can see.
::'''Iason:''' So much has happened today... I'm actually pretty nervous myself. But panic doesn't help, it only makes things worse &mdash; anyone who's herded dromas knows this.
::'''Iason:''' So, partly to help myself stay calm, I started doing this. The Era Nova is probably like reincarnation, right? I just hope everyone can transition smoothly to their next life...
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Are the dromas okay?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504078007-->
::'''Iason:''' Oh, the dromas are much more composed, compared to us!
::'''Iason:''' As {{Rubi|Georios|Earth Titan}}'s beloved creatures, they probably understand the true meaning of Era Nova better than we do...
::'''Iason:''' World ending or not, life goes on, right?
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} So you believe in Era Nova?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504078011-->
::'''Iason:''' Well, you kinda have to, right?
::'''Iason:''' Look, if Professor Anaxa is lying, we basically have just a few days left to live, right? But if we only have a few days&mdash;
::'''Iason:''' Why not let ourselves feel more secure and calm?
::'''Iason:''' So we still end up believing in Era Nova, haha. So why torture yourself, right?
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Farewell.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504078016-->
::'''Iason:''' Mmm, until we meet again!
::'''Iason:''' I hope in the next world, we'll still be partners with the dromas!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Iason
|zhs  = 伊阿宋
|zht  = 伊阿宋
|ja   = イアソン
|ko   = 이아손
|es   = Jasón
|fr   = Jason
|ru   = Ясон
|th   = Iason
|vi   = Iason
|de   = Iason
|id   = Iason
|pt   = Iason
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}