<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Lipos#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Bard
|image           = NPC Lipos.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Lipos''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_123_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504083001: Config/Level/Mission/5040830/Act/Act504083001.json-->
:'''Lipos:''' Have you heard of the last city, on the Holy Mountain high? Where the immortal deity carries the sun across the eternal sky?
:'''Lipos:''' Ah... it's you. Care to come back sometime and hear Lipos sing a song?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504083001_9-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504083001_9-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} (Keep listening.)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504083004-->
::'''Lipos:''' <br />Though daylight fades in the chaos,<br />hope still lingers in the midst of fear.
::'''Lipos:''' <br />The gods are silent, but the song of humanity must still rise.<br />Amidst the ravages of black tide, the ship of hope is ready to set sail.
::'''Lipos:''' <br />O displaced souls, go seek the pure land at the end of the world.<br />Don't give up on the flames, the fresh waters, and the fertile soil.
::'''Lipos:''' <br />O exiles, go rebuild a garden of happiness.<br />Don't forget the laughter, the feasts, and the fine wine.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Will you still write poems for me?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504083009-->
::'''Lipos:''' Of course! Talk about your Flame-Chase Journey with the heroes. How magnificent, how grand! To create poetry for you and record your stories is the greatest honor of my life.
::'''Lipos:''' Even if the Dawn Device have shut down, and even if the road ahead is filled with uncertainty and danger, I still hope to witness you completing this great journey!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you believe in Era Nova?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504083012-->
::'''Lipos:''' I... want to believe. There are so many beautiful things in this world that have yet to be recorded, and so many regrets that can never be healed.
::'''Lipos:''' If Era Nova is real, I hope to see my teacher Hesiod once again.
::'''Lipos:''' I want to thank him, and apologize to him. I have a poem for him... and I want to introduce him to my parents and my sister...
::'''Lipos:''' When that time comes, I will ask my teacher to compose a poem for you &mdash; He is a great poet who could rival Illia, and I'm sure you'll love it!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's hope we'll cross paths again in the future.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504083017-->
::'''Lipos:''' Goodbye, dear {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}}, may fate guide us to meet again!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Lipos
|zhs  = 利波
|zht  = 利波
|ja   = リポ
|ko   = 리포스
|es   = Lipos
|fr   = Lipos
|ru   = Липос
|th   = Lipos
|vi   = Lipos
|de   = Lipos
|id   = Lipos
|pt   = Lipos
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}