<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Little Chimera#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Little Chimera.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Little Chimera''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_165_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 401570042: Config/Level/Mission/4015700/Act/Act401570042.json-->
:'''Little Chimera:''' Oww! Awoooo!
:Despite resembling your playful little friends, this is a completely different chimera. Since you've never met, you can't understand each other's language.
:'''Little Chimera:''' Awooooo...
:You can see it's trying to convey something. With your imagination at full power, you start understanding its meaning...
:'''Little Chimera:''' (Invented dialogue) Damnations! That conniving Spirithief! It convinced us that putting our treasures in its belly would protect our wealth through Era Nova, giving us an advantage in our next life!
:'''Little Chimera:''' (Invented dialogue) Alas... I should've followed the Titans' teaching that riches are temporary... with the world about to restart, these savings are useless to me, so take them all! Maybe your pockets can bring them into the next Amphoreus!
:'''Little Chimera:''' ...Awoo.
:The little chimera stares at you with sincere eyes, falling silent.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}