<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Misia#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Organist
|image           = NPC Misia.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Misia''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_113_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Misia:''' Everything has ended, everything is fading away.
:'''Misia:''' The ballads we once sang, those melodies preserving our longing, happiness, sorrow, and love, will all fade into oblivion...
:'''Misia:''' Before that time comes, please listen to this final melody.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504075001_10-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504075001_10-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why are you still performing?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504075005-->
::'''Misia:''' When the black tide consumed Carmitis, the musicians remained calm, playing their water-soaked harps and performing passionate melodies with the waves surging through the streets.
::'''Misia:''' If ocean waves were the world's first music, it would be too cruel to accompany the world's end with nothing but weeping.
::'''Misia:''' At a time like this, perhaps only music can cover the meaningless background noise and transform pointless deaths into an epic, magnificent finale.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You should hurry to find shelter.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504075009-->
::'''Misia:''' Thank you for your concern, kind listener.
::'''Misia:''' But no musical score ends without a rest mark, and all beauty must crystallize into eternity through its own destruction.
::'''Misia:''' I'm tired of living in fear, hiding from place to place. Now, I just want to rest in this music, waiting for the final moment to come.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you think about the "Era Nova"?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504075013-->
::'''Misia:''' At first, they claimed {{Rubi|Mnestia|Romance Titan}} would protect Carmitis from the black tide. Then, they promised Okhema would never be touched by the dark night...
::'''Misia:''' Empty hope is poisonous. At this point, I dare not expect too much.
::'''Misia:''' However, though music repeats itself, each performance, each key change and variation creates new movements.
::'''Misia:''' Rather than having music replayed exactly the same way, it's better to look forward to what new melodies people will write in the future.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} (Keep listening)
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Misia
|zhs  = 弥斯
|zht  = 彌斯
|ja   = ミース
|ko   = 미시아
|es   = Misia
|fr   = Misia
|ru   = Мисия
|th   = Misia
|vi   = Misia
|de   = Misia
|id   = Misia
|pt   = Misia
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}