<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Noldus#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Priest of Time
|image           = NPC Noldus.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Noldus''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_131_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504094001: Config/Level/Mission/5040940/Act/Act504094001.json-->
:'''Noldus:''' Hero, I must apologize to you...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sir, there's no need for that.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you apologizing for?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504094004-->
:'''Noldus:''' ...When I left the Abyss, I still doubted the Chrysos Heirs and the prophecy of deliverance. Now, I only blame myself for my ignorance.
:'''Noldus:''' Faith holds meaning when the living carry it forward &mdash; only after witnessing the loss of life did I finally understand.
:'''Noldus:''' If the world is to be reborn, it will be because someone could walk all the way to the end of the road.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504094001_15-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504094001_15-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} ...Virtus...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504094008-->
::'''Noldus:''' "Who then will bear the weight of humanity's souls, to lighten the steps of the living as a whole..."
::'''Noldus:''' Having gone ahead of us to the end of west wind, I hope he won't feel alone.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you think of the Era Nova now?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504094011-->
::'''Noldus:''' It will come. It must. After countless sacrifices, someone will reach the end. And from there, it will be a new beginning.
::'''Noldus:''' Countless histories, endless strife, lives lost beyond measure &mdash; all were meant for us to reach this moment. Now, I believe that with all my heart.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Take care of yourself.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504094014-->
::'''Noldus:''' Thank you, young warrior. May fate... favor you.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Noldus
|zhs  = 诺杜斯
|zht  = 諾杜斯
|ja   = ノーデス
|ko   = 놀더스
|es   = Noldus
|fr   = Noldus
|ru   = Нолдус
|th   = Noldus
|vi   = Noldus
|de   = Noldus
|id   = Noldus
|pt   = Noldus
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}