<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Pasithea#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = "Oracle Dreammother"
|image           = NPC Pasithea.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Pasithea''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_110_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Pasithea:''' A rather familiar footstep... {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}} (Trailblazer), I never imagined we would meet again in times like these.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you okay?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504073003-->
:'''Pasithea:''' Yes, I'm fortunate to be unharmed. The Holy City Guards managed to keep those creatures at bay, away from the Marmoreal Market.
:'''Pasithea:''' The battles currently raging in the city are far more violent than what I experienced as a child in Janusopolis.
:'''Pasithea:''' And the whispers of doom in my ears... have never been so clear.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there any hope left for us?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504073007-->
::'''Pasithea:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}} (Trailblazer), don't be too pessimistic.
::'''Pasithea:''' Even if death has etched its sighs into our skulls, we can still follow fate's whispers and move forward.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So you can hear prophecies?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504073010-->
::'''Pasithea:''' Unfortunately, the black tide's flood is too clamorous. I can no longer hear clearly either the voices beyond the sky or the whispers of fate.
::'''Pasithea:''' Now, I am simply an ordinary blind woman, nothing more.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504073012-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504073012-->
:'''Pasithea:''' ...
:'''Pasithea:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}} (Trailblazer), do you recall Lord Tribbie's favorite saying?
:'''Pasithea:''' Now, daylight has faded, and the long night stretches endlessly. When the next Entry Hour comes... I wonder if we'll meet again, and if we'll still recognize each other.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Pasithea
|zhs  = 帕西提亚
|zht  = 帕西提亞
|ja   = パシテア
|ko   = 파시테아
|es   = Pasitea
|fr   = Pasithée
|ru   = Пасифея
|th   = Pasithea
|vi   = Pasithea
|de   = Pasithea
|id   = Pasithea
|pt   = Pasitea
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}