<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Serena#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Orphan
|image           = NPC Serena.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Serena''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_126_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{Mission|The Girl, the Coins, and Homeland|showChapter=0}} has been completed and {{cx}}<!--performance 504086001 has been seen-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504086001: Config/Level/Mission/5040860/Act/Act504086001.json-->
:;(If {{F|MissionCV-5000408-undefined}} is undefined 1)
:::'''Serena:''' Good day, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}! I've been training with Uncle Dorian lately. While he protects the holy city, I'll guard everyone in my own way &mdash; even if I'm small!
:;(If {{F|MissionCV-5000408-undefined}} is not undefined 1)
::;(If {{F|MissionCV-5000408-undefined}} is undefined 2)
::::'''Serena:''' Oh, it's you, {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}... I've learned many new words recently.
::::'''Serena:''' Ctesiphona says literacy improves one's chances of becoming a High Priestess in the afterlife to interpret the prophecy... Though I don't see why edicts need interpreting, I'll still try my best!
::;(If {{F|MissionCV-5000408-undefined}} is not undefined 2)
:::;(If {{F|MissionCV-5000408-undefined}} is undefined 3)
:::::'''Serena:''' Ah, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}! I've studied sewing with Aphrea for ages, but it never quite suited me.
:::::'''Serena:''' So I often sneak out to do other things. Luckily, Aphrea's lenient, especially after learning about my time at Dawncloud...
:::;(If {{F|MissionCV-5000408-undefined}} is not undefined 3)
:::::'''Serena:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}, do you like the sound of the Water Lyre?
:::::'''Serena:''' Misia's performance always reminds me of the day I first encountered Kephale. If only I could turn this moving emotion into a song...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504086002_21-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504086002_21-->
;(If {{Mission|The Girl, the Coins, and Homeland|showChapter=0}} has not been completed and {{cx}}<!--performance 504086001 has not been seen-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504086002: Config/Level/Mission/5040860/Act/Act504086002.json-->
::'''Serena:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}, you're here. I don't wander as a refugee anymore – Okhema's my final home. I'll protect it with my own strength.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504086002_21-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504086002_21-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504086002_21-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Where are your two little companions?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504086103-->
::'''Serena:''' You remember them! Yason and Lathena – both rascals behave properly now!
::'''Serena:''' One stopped worrying about meteor strikes, the other runs around the safe zone helping refugees.
::'''Serena:''' All thanks to Kephale's prophecy we heard at Dawncloud, right?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Shh&mdash; let's keep this secret together.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504086107-->
::'''Serena:''' Shh&mdash; Of course! I'll whisper it only to you: now every adult and child at the market believes I truly heard the sky father's prophecy.
::'''Serena:''' When they ask "Serena, Serena, when will this end? What should we do?" I say: "Wait peacefully – Kephale will answer our faith."
::'''Serena:''' That's not lying, is it? Pinky promise – we'll protect the tiny spark of hope in everyone's heart.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Hello, little priestess of Kephale!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504086111-->
::'''Serena:''' Hehe, {{MC|f=miss|m=mister}}, that title makes me blush!
::'''Serena:''' Look, this is the most open place in the whole market. Many people who come to seek shelter in Okhema pass through here. Including... me, who came here from Icatus.
::'''Serena:''' But now that the apocalypse is coming, many more people want to leave here and seek shelter in other cities.
::'''Serena:''' I stand here to remind them – fleeing has no end. Better to stay peacefully in the holy city.
::'''Serena:''' Okhema is the last home we'll protect... and will ultimately shelter us. It must be.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you think of the "Era Nova" now?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504086117-->
::'''Serena:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}, you worry I think "Era Nova" is just kind guards and you weaving comforting tales for children like me?
::'''Serena:''' On the contrary – I've realized Kephale's protection never ceased, though it no longer speaks to us.
::'''Serena:''' Without destiny's mercy, I'd have died in Icatus' black tide. Never reached the holy city, met kind caretakers, nor dared dream of visiting Dawncloud.
::'''Serena:''' Even hearing the prophecy was sky father's mercy – letting me cradle hope and pass it onward...
::'''Serena:''' So don't worry! Maybe tomorrow we'll wake to see the sky relit.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Keep it up, smart one.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504086123-->
::'''Serena:''' I will – I'm Serena, blessed by Kephale!
::'''Serena:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}, let's meet again in the new world!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Serena
|zhs  = 希瑞雅
|zht  = 希瑞雅
|ja   = セレナ
|ko   = 세레나
|es   = Serena
|fr   = Séréna
|ru   = Серена
|th   = Serena
|vi   = Serena
|de   = Serena
|id   = Serena
|pt   = Serena
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}