<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Silent Girl#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Silent Girl.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Silent Girl''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_130_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504096001: Config/Level/Mission/5040960/Act/Act504096001.json-->
::The girl looks at you, silent, but there's a glimmer of hope in her eyes.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hello, little one.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there anything I can help with?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504096004-->
::The girl tries to communicate with you through gestures. You don't understand sign language, but Mem steps in to translate &mdash;
::'''Silent Girl:''' ({{MC|f=Miss|m=Sir}}, I've seen a blonde lady before. She was with you.)
::'''Silent Girl:''' (Did... did she leave?)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Don't worry, she's fine.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We'll definitely see her again after the Era Nova.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504096009-->
::The girl seems to understand your lip movements. She's silent for a while, looking a little sad.
::'''Silent Girl:''' (I'm sorry, maybe it's my fault...)
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504096002_28-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504096002_28-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504096002: Config/Level/Mission/5040960/Act/Act504096002.json-->
::The girl's eyes sparkle, as if welcoming your presence.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504096002_28-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504096002_28-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504096002_28-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you tell me what happened?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504096103-->
::'''Silent Girl:''' (A few days ago, some scary people broke into my house. I saw them whispering, and they said that if that lady didn't disappear, they'd take my eyes.)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Those fiends...!)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (They won't spare even a little kid...!)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (...Well, but it does fit their character.)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504096107-->
::'''Silent Girl:''' (I was scared, but they explained that it's okay, I haven't done anything bad, and that the lady will definitely disappear for me.)
::'''Silent Girl:''' (They seemed... quite troubled. One of them said it was the decision of their leader. That lady... she must have been troubled too...)
::'''Silent Girl:''' (But a purple sprite holding a chest passed by, and it seemed like it was trying to protect me in secret while those people were here. So, I'm fine.)
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} The bad people have already gotten what they deserve.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504096111-->
::'''Silent Girl:''' (What they deserve...)
::'''Silent Girl:''' (...Umm, now no one will bully that lady anymore, right?)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there anything else I can help you with?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504096114-->
::'''Silent Girl:''' ({{MC|f=Miss|m=Sir}}, if you'd ever see the blonde lady again, can you apologize to her for me?)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure thing.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504096118-->
:::'''Silent Girl:''' (Thank you, {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}}.)
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry, this isn't your fault.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504096117-->
:::'''Silent Girl:''' (But... if I could protect myself, that lady wouldn't have been bullied. So, please...)
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504096118-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504096118-->
:::'''Silent Girl:''' (Thank you, {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}}.)
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Take care of yourself, and I'll see you next time.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504096120-->
::'''Silent Girl:''' (I will. Goodbye, {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}}! May Kephale bless you!)
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}