<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Theodoros#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Ancient Artifact Shop Owner
|image           = NPC Theodoros.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Theodoros''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_133_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504095001: Config/Level/Mission/5040950/Act/Act504095001.json-->
:'''Theodoros:''' How can the traces of civilization transcend time and space, so that people a thousand years from now may find them?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504095001_8-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504095001_8-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why are you standing still?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504095003-->
::'''Theodoros:''' Ever heard of the ancient city of Doria? During the Chrysos War, a volcanic eruption swallowed the city whole. And in an instant, a cloud of ash sealed an entire civilization in the amber of time &mdash;
::'''Theodoros:''' Its structures, the oaths carved into its walls, even bowls of untouched food... Through these ruins, we glimpse the brilliance and warmth of the Dorian culture, frozen in time.
::'''Theodoros:''' And now, Okhema has become the stage of the apocalypse... If I still have time, how should I leave a message for those who come after us?
::'''Theodoros:''' Such precious information... clues on the destruction of the world, the heroic deeds of the Chrysos Heirs as they try to save the world, the fleeting joys of a civilization...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't believe in the Era Nova?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504095008-->
::'''Theodoros:''' As I told you when we first met, I long for Amphoreus's tomorrow...
::'''Theodoros:''' But it's not because I fear failure &mdash; Oronyx keeps the river of time flowing. Even if we fade away, a new civilization will eventually bud again.
::'''Theodoros:''' I care more about the legacy of civilization than the soul.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How's your collection coming along?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504095012-->
::'''Theodoros:''' You really do know me. Instead of worrying about my life, I care more about those testimonies of times lived.
::'''Theodoros:''' Ah, but no one knows what kind of disaster the end of the world will bring, or what methods we should use to save objects. I'm at a loss too...
::'''Theodoros:''' I think the most likely scenario is... just look at this burning sky! It feels like the fireball will snap Kephale's back and fall to the ground at any moment.
::'''Theodoros:''' Maybe... I should head to a remote city, far from the Dawn Device's reach, and bury the treasures there.
::'''Theodoros:''' Like Janusopolis! Sure, it's swarming with the black tide, but they definitely won't care about my old junk.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I hope everything goes smoothly for you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504095018-->
::'''Theodoros:''' Take care of yourself as well.
::'''Theodoros:''' By the way, if you happen to see Lord Phainon, please give him my regards.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Theodoros
|zhs  = 西塔罗斯
|zht  = 西塔羅斯
|ja   = シタロース
|ko   = 테오도로스
|es   = Teodoro
|fr   = Théodoros
|ru   = Теодорос
|th   = Theodoros
|vi   = Theodoros
|de   = Theodoros
|id   = Theodoros
|pt   = Theodoros
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}