<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Xenia#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Bath Receptionist
|image           = NPC Xenia.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Fallen Twilight City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Xenia''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Fallen Twilight City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Fallen Twilight City" Okhema|npc_112_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Xenia:''' It's a relief to see you safe and sound...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can you tell me about the situation?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504076003-->
::'''Xenia:''' I don't know exactly what happened... the sky suddenly darkened, then screams came from the upper level of the baths...
::'''Xenia:''' Then the creatures appeared! Thanks to the guards who were bathing during their shift, plus the "rainbow membrane" that blocked the creatures' attacks, everyone managed to evacuate in time.
::'''Xenia:''' Gathering everyone here was my suggestion, since the creatures seem unable to pass through this water curtain. I hope the chaos outside calms down soon, especially since many people have family members still at the market...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} If the "Era Nova" arrives under these circumstances...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504076007-->
::'''Xenia:''' I... to be honest, this terrifies me. If everything unfolds as the scholars predict, and all memories vanish... would the person living in the new world still be me? What if...
::'''Xenia:''' Sorry, please forgive me. I probably feel too comfortable around you to voice these concerns... please don't share my worries with others.
::'''Xenia:''' The promise of "Era Nova" remains the only solace for those of us here. So for now, this will suffice... yes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So what's your plan now?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504076011-->
::'''Xenia:''' We've just made contact with other guards, and once they confirm it's safe outside, they'll escort us to meet everyone at the Plaza...
::'''Xenia:''' But I plan to stay here a while longer. The reception area can't remain in such disarray, and there are also goods that need to be packaged...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I understand.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't understand.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504076015-->
::'''Xenia:''' Well, I'm just making excuses. The Marmoreal Palace carries the passion and memories of the Okhemans. It may close temporarily, but it has never been desolate. I'm attached to these waters, so I'll stay here. Call it... stubborn, I don't know.
::'''Xenia:''' If this crisis passes and the prophesied new world hasn't arrived... I'll still be here, ready to welcome you back to the baths.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Xenia
|zhs  = 叙涅
|zht  = 敘涅
|ja   = シュネ
|ko   = 크세니아
|es   = Xenia
|fr   = Xénia
|ru   = Ксения
|th   = Xenia
|vi   = Xenia
|de   = Xenia
|id   = Xenia
|pt   = Xenia
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}