<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Arfey#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Arfey.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Penacony Paperfold University College
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Arfey''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Penacony Paperfold University College]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Penacony Paperfold University College|npc_333_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503108001: Config/Level/Mission/5031080/Act/Act503108001.json-->
::'''Arfey:''' My music party has already ended. It's now time to focus on the affairs concerning graduation.
::'''Arfey:''' But... when I see that guitar in the room, my heart can't stay calm. That time when I yelled my lungs out on the stage, this important memory... is not so easily forgotten.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503108001_9-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503108001_9-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You really liked those three performances?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108004-->
:::'''Arfey:''' I did. Now I can confidently say that I like Rappa's music, and I really enjoyed the times I shared with each and every bandmate. This will be the most unforgettable experience I've had at Paperfold University.
:::'''Arfey:''' Of course, this is all thanks to you, Manager &mdash; if you hadn't persuaded me back then, I might've left the band already. I'd be sulking in regret back at the classroom right now.
:::'''Arfey:''' ...Ninja with strange bizarre ninjutsu. Heh, who would've thought someone like me &mdash; who only cares about music and lives in my own little world &mdash; would be involved in all these unheard-of things?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What exactly happened then?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108008-->
:::'''Arfey:''' Before the second show started, I returned to Charmony Academy to invite more teachers and students to see our show, hoping that The Dazzling's music would change everyone's opinions, even in the slightest...
:::'''Arfey:''' But those two academy representatives summoned me into their office, which was connected to some mini dreamscape. I was imprisoned in a deserted dreamscape to reflect on my wrongdoings until Rappa came along.
:::'''Arfey:''' Heh... Rappa said it earlier before: The school isn't as peaceful as I thought, but I thought she was just spouting rubbish and even blamed you all for that... I'm sorry.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It was for your own good!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108012-->
::::'''Arfey:''' Yes, I know... That's why I am filled with self-reproach.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Rappa won't mind.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108014-->
::::'''Arfey:''' Yes, I know. It's a pity that, even in the end, I didn't get a chance to personally apologize to her.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So what's next for you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108016-->
:::'''Arfey:''' I have always made music my life's goal. That much hasn't changed. But now, rather than practice at the academy, I'd rather expose myself to an even wider variety of music forms and broaden my horizons.
:::'''Arfey:''' After graduating from Charmony Academy, I will prepare to further my studies at Epsilon and accrue more performance experience. That place is a far cry from what one considers a haven fit for fine arts, but...
:::'''Arfey:''' If the music performance can't evoke joy in its audience, yourself, or your companions, wouldn't that be meaningless?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're deciding to totally change up your music style?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108020-->
::::'''Arfey:''' Not entirely. As creators, we shouldn't be confined to any style. It is a characteristic of our work, a form of artistic expression, but never a requirement that needs to be achieved.
::::'''Arfey:''' Just like... "melodies are records of the world." Don't you obtain musical inspiration from all sorts of wondrous phenomena? If you and Rappa can do it, I'd like to give it a try too.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That place doesn't really suit you...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108023-->
::::'''Arfey:''' Before I joined The Dazzling, I also never thought such an attire would suit me either.
::::'''Arfey:''' Even if it doesn't suit me, I can also try to adapt to it. To absorb different styles, learn unfamiliar knowledge, and accumulate materials for future creations &mdash; this should be the true '''goal of pursuing music'''.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looking forward to your future performances!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108026-->
::::'''Arfey:''' Thank you. If I get the chance, I will invite you and the bandmates to watch me.
::::'''Arfey:''' ...I don't know if Rappa will be interested.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_503108028-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108028-->
:::'''Arfey:''' I forgot if I mentioned before that my family is very strict. My parents hope I will wholly focus on my studies and become a musical maestro in the future, which is why they imposed so many restrictions on my life.
:::'''Arfey:''' I... don't want to walk on the path they dictated for me. I have my own views and perceptions of the future.
:::'''Arfey:''' And so, I also need to follow '''my way of the ninja'''.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503108002: Config/Level/Mission/5031080/Act/Act503108002.json-->
::'''Arfey:''' My music party has already ended. It's now time to focus on the affairs concerning graduation.
::'''Arfey:''' But... when I see that guitar in the room, my heart can't stay calm. That time when I yelled my lungs out on the stage, this important memory... is not so easily forgotten.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Clockwork}} Activate Clockwork
::You try using clockwork to get in touch with Arfey's heart, but no matter how much the clock turns, you hear the same old words...
::"...We are The Dazzling!!!"
::Looks like the performances left an indelible, lasting impression in the band's hearts &mdash; no amount of emotion can cause this passion to waver. This is the power of music.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404035604-->)
:{{DIcon|?}} Do you need me for something?
::'''Arfey:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager, I have a favor to ask of you. The school is about to launch its graduation yearbook, and every student has their own page.
::'''Arfey:''' I... I'd like to ask you to write a message, since... those shared memories with the band are irreplaceable, so I hope it's not too much trouble. I wonder if you're free?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Write a serious message)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108116_1-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 190,
	"Value": "1"
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Write a witty message)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108116_2-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 190,
	"Value": "2"
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Write an emotional message)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108116_3-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 190,
	"Value": "3"
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_503108116-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108116-->
::'''Arfey:''' Thank you, manager. I will make a copy for you as a souvenir. After I graduate, I hope you all won't forget this time when we all worked together for our dream of music.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404035604-->)
:{{DIcon}} I want to chat with you.
::'''Arfey:''' Mm, what do you wish to talk about?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503108004_72-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503108004_72-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Will you still keep in contact with the other band members?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108203-->
:::'''Arfey:''' We see each other all the time, especially Czipo from Fortune Academy &mdash; he's really interested in organizing meetups, dragging us out for hangouts from time to time. Dafanchy and I won't refuse anyway.
:::'''Arfey:''' When we're together, we just talk about what happened at school and our various post-graduation plans. Even if we're from different academies, our interactions with one another are still quite frequent.
:::'''Arfey:''' The Dazzling will not disband &mdash; we will all keep treading on our own paths.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's your relationship with Charmony Academy?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108207-->
:::'''Arfey:''' ...The academy representative earnestly apologized to me, and I'm sure he wasn't acting out of personal interest. The Dazzling's music flouted the academy's recommended regulations, resulting in his actions... I can understand that.
:::'''Arfey:''' I hope Charmony Academy will be more accepting of other styles and artistic forms in the future, and not be restricted by the narrow walls of their vision. But it's probably not that easily accomplished for those old professors.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all the questions I have.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503108210-->
:::'''Arfey:''' Okay. Do look for me if you need anything.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404035604-->)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Enjoy this music party to the fullest!
::'''Arfey:''' Yes, it's no fun being submerged in memories. I also wish you a good time!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Arfey
|zhs  = 艾尔菲
|zht  = 艾爾菲
|ja   = エルフィー
|ko   = 아르페
|es   = Arfey
|fr   = Arfey
|ru   = Арфи
|th   = Arfey
|vi   = Arfey
|de   = Arfey
|id   = Arfey
|pt   = Arfey
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}