<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Czipo#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Czipo.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Penacony Paperfold University College
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Czipo''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Penacony Paperfold University College]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Penacony Paperfold University College|npc_331_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503106001: Config/Level/Mission/5031060/Act/Act503106001.json-->
::'''Czipo:''' The music party's performance has ended, the instruments have been moved away, and the band members have all gone their separate ways. My heart is empty now.
::'''Czipo:''' I'll leave my precious memories here.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503106001_9-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503106001_9-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} But the other members are still here.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106004-->
:::'''Czipo:''' Miss Rappa left! She's the soul of The Dazzling! We can still meet up with the other members, but it still feels like something is missing.
:::'''Czipo:''' The passion for performing? The rowdy atmosphere? Or the courage to push ahead to perform despite the disapproval from the schools?
:::'''Czipo:''' *sigh* I can't really put it into words. It's just that... after the performance, going to all those parties feels dull.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I thought you were gonna go learn some ninjutsu?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106008-->
:::'''Czipo:''' Learn ninjutsu? Hmm... Did I say that? I don't quite remember. Let me think. Let me think...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are Fortune Academy students all so capricious?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're lying to me again!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106011-->
:::'''Czipo:''' Oh well, plans always change, and I have so many interests and hobbies. It's normal to switch to a different life goal.
:::'''Czipo:''' Yes! I remember now, I wanted to ask Miss Rappa to teach me ninjutsu! To tell you the truth, after the show ended, I learned plenty of fundamentals from Miss Rappa, even though they were excruciatingly hard.
:::'''Czipo:''' What's all this nonsense about ninja talisman drawing techniques, ninja mantra chant cadence, super ninja dynamic vision training... They're even more tiring than my private gym lessons! I want to become a Ninja Hero! Not to feel like dying all the time!
:::'''Czipo:''' That's why I gave up. There are all kinds of *heroes* all around the world. It won't make a difference without me.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So what's next for you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106016-->
:::'''Czipo:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager, you've asked a great question. I've been troubled over this recently too.
:::'''Czipo:''' It's almost time for graduation, but I haven't thought of what to do next. Do I find a decent job, stay in school for further education, or... become an independent musician?
:::'''Czipo:''' We've gone through so much together. We know each other well. In your eyes, what do you think I'm most suitable for?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503106001_29-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503106001_29-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Go to work!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106020-->
::::'''Czipo:''' I'd also like to venture into the workforce, but... as you know, it's difficult to land a job now, much less get a relaxing job with easy money. And I don't want to leave Penacony... It's a hassle.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} It's better to further your studies.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106022-->
::::'''Czipo:''' My teacher gave me the same advice and even said it would be a waste if I didn't become his student. But somehow I feel... he just hopes that I stay in school so I can help him with his stuff. He can order me around without even paying me a wage.
::::'''Czipo:''' No can do. I've never had much interest in academia. I would be wasting my life away if I stayed on.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} I think you do have musical talent.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106025-->
::::'''Czipo:''' ...Really? I think so too! From the moment I stood on stage, I knew I wanted to give my life to music!
::::'''Czipo:''' But... to turn my interest into a job... is it too idealistic? What if I don't become popular? What if I can't earn any money or even sell any tickets? Just thinking about this makes me afraid.
::::'''Czipo:''' Then, should I just forget about it and look for a job?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...You best decide for yourself.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106029-->
::::'''Czipo:''' It's too difficult. I can't think of an answer.
::::'''Czipo:''' *sigh* Forget it. I shall not worry anymore. I better quickly get my graduation certificate and return home to take over the family business.
::::'''Czipo:''' Since I can't find the right direction, that means that none of the paths are suitable for me. If l can choose an easy mode for life, I shouldn't make it any harder than it needs to be.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then why did you even ask me?
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Doesn't this mean you never had any troubles to begin with?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106034-->
::::'''Czipo:''' Facing important life decisions can be quite overwhelming. After all, taking over the family business does involve a lot of things too.
::::'''Czipo:''' Thank you for helping me with my career analysis, {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager!
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503106002: Config/Level/Mission/5031060/Act/Act503106002.json-->
::'''Czipo:''' The music party's performance has ended, the instruments have been moved away, and the band members have all gone their separate ways. My heart is empty now.
::'''Czipo:''' I'll leave my precious memories here.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Clockwork}} Activate Clockwork
::You attempt to use clockwork to get in touch with Czipo's heart, but no matter how much the clock turns, you hear the same old words...
::"...We are The Dazzling!!!"
::Looks like the performances left an indelible, lasting impression in the band's hearts &mdash; no amount of emotion can cause this passion to waver. This is the power of music.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404035602-->)
:{{DIcon|?}} Do you need me for something?
::'''Czipo:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager, your timing is great. Did you know the school will be releasing its yearbook soon? Every student will have their own dedicated page.
::'''Czipo:''' I was hoping to get you to write a message for me... After all, we've organized many exciting performances together and experienced many crucial moments. Would you be available now?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Write a serious message)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106116_1-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 170,
	"Value": "1"
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Write a witty message)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106116_2-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 170,
	"Value": "2"
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Write an emotional message)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106116_3-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 170,
	"Value": "3"
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_503106116-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106116-->
::'''Czipo:''' Let me see... That's amazing, it suits me so well! No wonder you're our {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager! You've made my page stand out with just a few sentences!
::'''Czipo:''' Oh yeah, I've made you a copy, so you don't have to wait for the yearbook to be published. Don't forget me!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404035602-->)
:{{DIcon|Hand}} Can I touch the fluff ball on your head?
::'''Czipo:''' ...Is this some new pick-up tactic? Why didn't I hear about this at a party?
::'''Czipo:''' If you're interested... Of course you can! We're so familiar with each other, it's normal to show some affection. Come, try it, this is a good opportunity to deepen our trust!
::After a moment's hesitation, you lightly place your finger on the white fluff ball. From that soft touch, you are certain that the awkwardness from that rude question just now was worth it. You are very willing to risk your skin for that experience again.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bro, your fluff ball feels nice.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're really nice.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106286-->
::'''Czipo:''' Heh-heh, it's an honor to make {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager this happy!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404035602-->)
:{{DIcon}} I want to chat with you.
::'''Czipo:''' You're too polite, {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} Manager! We are so familiar with each other, just speak freely!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503106004_80-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503106004_80-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Will you still keep in contact with the other band members?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106203-->
:::'''Czipo:''' Of course. We are comrades that stood by each other through thick and thin. Our trust in each other is unshakable. This deep-rooted friendship can't be compared to those fair-weather friends you meet at parties!
:::'''Czipo:''' We'll meet regularly and chat about school, update each other on what's going on recently, and discuss future plans... *sigh* But with Miss Rappa's departure, it feels like something is missing whenever we meet.
:::'''Czipo:''' ...The Dazzling will not disband, but she is the lead of our band.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is Fortune Academy still giving you a hard time?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106207-->
:::'''Czipo:''' Haha, speaking of this, ever since The Dazzling chased away that unscrupulous academy representative, my standing in the academy has soared. All my classmates and teachers greatly respect me now.
:::'''Czipo:''' He brought it on himself. Many students already disliked him, so now they finally can get back at him.
:::'''Czipo:''' Now, I'm the hero of Fortune Academy &mdash; Master Ninja Czipo! Hahahaha!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all the questions I have.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503106211-->
:::'''Czipo:''' If you ever want to chat, do look for me anytime!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404035602-->)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Enjoy this music party to the fullest!
::'''Czipo:''' I will! I must treasure the final moments of joy before graduation &mdash; viva la music party! Viva la music!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Czipo
|zhs  = 契波
|zht  = 契波
|ja   = チポ
|ko   = 치포
|es   = Czipo
|fr   = Czipo
|ru   = Чипо
|th   = Czipo
|vi   = Czipo
|de   = Czipo
|id   = Czipo
|pt   = Czipo
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}