<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Giovanni#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Giovanni.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Penacony Paperfold University College
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Giovanni''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Penacony Paperfold University College]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Penacony Paperfold University College|npc_410_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 803310104: Config/Level/Mission/8033101/Act/Act803310104.json-->
:'''Giovanni:''' Mmm? Any more questions?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_803310104_185-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_803310104_185-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Could you tell me about the game?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_803310304-->
::'''Giovanni:''' Let me think... In the test version, the story goes like this: "The little hero bids farewell to their hometown and embarks on an endless adventure across the galaxy, seeking the legendary strongest weapon &mdash; the Bat."
::'''Giovanni:''' "Under the cunning tricks of the Duke, the righteous Baseballer is caught off guard and falls into a black hole that connects to countless unknown worlds."
::'''Giovanni:''' And that's where the adventure begins &mdash; "In the black hole, our lucky hero, instead of perishing, discovers the true location of the Ultimate Bat &mdash; it's in the hands of the Black Cloak Demon King!"
::'''Giovanni:''' "Thus, the brave Baseballer decides to follow the Demon King's trail and challenge them."
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Which of the arcade machines is which again?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_803310309-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P10306_F10306001_G412",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor1"
}</pre>
::'''Giovanni:''' If you want to experience the latest "Legend of the Galactic Baseballer: Demon King," look for this one.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P10306_F10306001_G412",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor2"
}</pre>
::'''Giovanni:''' If you want to relive the previous "Legend of the Galactic Baseballer: Departure," use this one.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "LevelArea_P10306_F10306001_G412",
	"AnchorName": "Anchor2",
	"IsActive": false
}</pre>
::'''Giovanni:''' So, enjoy your gaming~
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all I wanted to know.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_803310313-->
::'''Giovanni:''' Alright, my projection will be here. If you have any questions, feel free to come find me.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Giovanni
|zhs  = 乔瓦尼
|zht  = 喬瓦尼
|ja   = ジョヴァンニ
|ko   = 지오반니
|es   = Giovanni
|fr   = Giovanni
|ru   = Джованни
|th   = Giovanni
|vi   = Giovanni
|de   = Giovanni
|id   = Giovanni
|pt   = Giovanni
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}