<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#(Guardian of the Wheat Field/Holy Wubbaboo/Curious Chimera/Soy-Dusted Mochi Cake/Chimeramem)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC (Guardian of the Wheat Field/Holy Wubbaboo/Curious Chimera/Soy-Dusted Mochi Cake/Chimeramem).png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''(Guardian of the Wheat Field/Holy Wubbaboo/Curious Chimera/Soy-Dusted Mochi Cake/Chimeramem)''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_144_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 434018805: Config/Level/Mission/4340188/Act/Act434018805.json-->
:This is the little chimera named (Guardian of the Wheat Field/Holy Wubbaboo/Curious Chimera/Soy-Dusted Mochi Cake/Chimeramem). It's been living around here for quite some time now.
:Sometimes it'll bring back pretty fallen leaves, and sometimes it'll leap into the water to nuzzle the baby seals.
:But most of the time, it just dozes like this, as if it's already found the ultimate meaning of life.
:'''(Guardian of the Wheat Field/Holy Wubbaboo/Curious Chimera/Soy-Dusted Mochi Cake/Chimeramem):''' Awoo... sleepy, awooo!
:Strangely enough, you're starting to understand its words.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_434018805_89-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_434018805_89-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Hey there.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_434077407-->
::You offer the fruits and veggies Cyrene prepared. (Guardian of the Wheat Field/Holy Wubbaboo/Curious Chimera/Soy-Dusted Mochi Cake/Chimeramem) digs in happily.
::'''(Guardian of the Wheat Field/Holy Wubbaboo/Curious Chimera/Soy-Dusted Mochi Cake/Chimeramem):''' Awoo... The sun-kissed grapes are delicious!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Pat.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_434077410-->
::You reach out and gently stroke it. (Guardian of the Wheat Field/Holy Wubbaboo/Curious Chimera/Soy-Dusted Mochi Cake/Chimeramem) looks like it's thoroughly enjoying it.
::'''(Guardian of the Wheat Field/Holy Wubbaboo/Curious Chimera/Soy-Dusted Mochi Cake/Chimeramem):''' Awoo... Feels so comfy!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Hug time.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_434077413-->
::'''(Guardian of the Wheat Field/Holy Wubbaboo/Curious Chimera/Soy-Dusted Mochi Cake/Chimeramem):''' Awoo... awooo-wooo! So warm!
::No doubt about that. It's now a curious and affectionate little chimera.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Bye-bye.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_434077416-->
::'''(Guardian of the Wheat Field/Holy Wubbaboo/Curious Chimera/Soy-Dusted Mochi Cake/Chimeramem):''' See you, awooo!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}