<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Aglaea#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Aglaea.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Aglaea''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_152_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Aglaea:''' Managing a restaurant is no easy feat. You have my thanks, Manager.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_803510632_127-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_803510632_127-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What have you been working on lately?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163203-->
::'''Aglaea:''' At the Imperator's request, I've been setting up golden threads across the Maze. You'll now be able to access the World Wound Web freely.
::'''Aglaea:''' Strange... despite the dense fairy population here, the golden threads haven't picked up a single tremor. Quite odd.
::'''Aglaea:''' But... heh, I suspect you already know why that is. So I won't pry.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you know Hysilens well?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163207-->
::'''Aglaea:''' Naturally. My swordsmanship was taught to me by none other than Dux Gladiorum herself. Among all the Chrysos Heirs, she's by far the most versed in hosting banquets. When it comes to running a restaurant, there's much I still need to learn from her.
::'''Aglaea:''' Heh... come to think of it, I still haven't asked which dress style she prefers lately.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163210-->
::'''Aglaea:''' The World Wound Web still needs ongoing maintenance anyway. If anything comes up, you know where to find me.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_803510632-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Aglaea
|zhs  = 阿格莱雅
|zht  = 阿格萊雅
|ja   = アグライア
|ko   = 아글라이아
|es   = Aglaea
|fr   = Aglaé
|ru   = Аглая
|th   = Aglaea
|vi   = Aglaea
|de   = Aglaea
|id   = Aglaea
|pt   = Aglaea
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}