<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cerydra#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Cerydra.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Cerydra''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_81_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
;(If {{F|FSV_CerydraTalkOrder}} is undefined 1)
::'''Cerydra:''' Customer numbers have been on a sugar high lately, proving our sweet-themed strategy was exactly the right flavor. Of course, now Dux Fatorum has to juggle many more items on their daily menu.
;(Otherwise, if {{F|FSV_CerydraTalkOrder}} is undefined 2)
::'''Cerydra:''' The "Chef Showdown" has really stirred the pot of public interest, and that white-haired chef has been cooking up a storm in practice. Looks like we're in for quite the culinary battle.
;(Otherwise, if {{F|FSV_CerydraTalkOrder}} is undefined 3)
::'''Cerydra:''' Despite the Kremnoan Chef's obvious confidence, he never turns down the heat on his training. I must admit, even I'm hungry to see who will win.
;(Otherwise, if {{F|FSV_CerydraTalkOrder}} is undefined 4)
::'''Cerydra:''' I've never seen such extraordinary giant fruits before. The scholar appears satisfied with the current results and is working faster on new varieties. Hopefully without another fruitful disaster.
;(Otherwise, if {{F|FSV_CerydraTalkOrder}} is undefined 5)
::'''Cerydra:''' Promotions may help burn through stock fast, but how do we attract more customers? That is up to Dux Celeripes' talent.
;(Otherwise)
::'''Cerydra:''' Running a restaurant is no different from governing a city-state. Every move must be cautiously considered. Manager, are you ready to open for business?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_803510631_91-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_803510631_91-->
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let's begin today's business.
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_Enter_UI-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: GroupG81-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to talk about the team.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163104-->
::'''Cerydra:''' Heh. Honestly, I'm quite pleased to have gathered so many capable heroes, all lending their talents to this venture.
::'''Cerydra:''' What would you like to discuss?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_803510631_96-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_803510631_96-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Restaurant Supervisor...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163107-->
:::'''Cerydra:''' The role of the Restaurant Supervisor currently falls under my purview. Dux Goldweaver assists me from time to time as well.
:::'''Cerydra:''' Thankfully, everyone on the team is dedicated and capable. It spares me from having to micromanage, allowing me to focus on business development and long-term growth.
:::'''Cerydra:''' Sounds idle, doesn't it? In reality, it's all endless stacks of data reports, and a never-ending flood of customer complaints. Utterly annoying.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Chef...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163111-->
::;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityMydeimos}} is undefined 1)
::::'''Cerydra:''' The crown prince of Kremnos, yet blessed with such remarkable culinary talent. Most people wouldn't believe it if you told them.
::::'''Cerydra:''' Now that we've got two chefs holding the fort, there's no longer any need to worry about menu variety. Though... heh, I suppose some conflict is inevitable.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityMydeimos}} is not undefined 1)
::::'''Cerydra:''' I heard this chef's been close with the fairies since childhood. I assume that means he has a strong grasp of the local clientele's tastes.
::::'''Cerydra:''' Still... I don't understand why he's so obsessed with salads.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Delivery Coordinators...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163116-->
:::'''Cerydra:''' Dux Fatorum move with light feet and excel in delivering items and connecting people, so they are perfectly suited for this role.
:::'''Cerydra:''' My only concern is their overly close relationship with the local fairies, which makes it difficult for them to impose strict discipline on the delivery crew. Still, that might not be a flaw but rather an asset.
:::'''Cerydra:''' Oh, and... ahem. Openly commenting on the Imperator's height is a breach of etiquette. I'll let it slide this time.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Agricultural Experts...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163120-->
:::'''Cerydra:''' I'm not particularly familiar with the two Grove scholars, but judging by the state of the farmland, their talents are beyond question.
:::'''Cerydra:''' I've heard whispers about one of them having a rather eccentric disposition, but does it matter? So long as they serve the restaurant well and ensure a bountiful harvest, that's all we need.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Return}} That's all for now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_803510631_91-->
:::{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let's begin today's business.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_Enter_UI-->
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: GroupG81-->
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to review our restaurant event with you.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163130-->
::::'''Cerydra:''' Heh. I'll admit, launching a restaurant event is indeed a good move. It brings in traffic and gives each department head a chance to shine. Smart decision, manager.
::::'''Cerydra:''' What exactly do you want to talk about?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_fupan-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_fupan-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Sweetie Festival...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163133-->
:::::'''Cerydra:''' Dux Fatorum can barely reach the top of the kitchen pot, yet she's a natural at hospitality. Truly impressive.
:::::'''Cerydra:''' Running a restaurant means you can't please everyone, so choosing sweets as the first theme is definitely a smart call. It works perfectly with our current ingredient stock while delivering maximum customer satisfaction.
:::::'''Cerydra:''' As for the sweetest dish... Heh, I'm pretty sure they already know the answer in their hearts.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Chef Showdown...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163137-->
:::::'''Cerydra:''' Hahaha! Who'd have thought a duel between our two chefs would stir up such a commotion in the fairies' domain?
:::::'''Cerydra:''' Good thing Dux Gladiorum showed up just in time to stop things from spiraling further. The two chefs' skills are truly top-tier, no doubt. But pleasing the demigod of Ocean is no easy feat. At least, I've never seen it done myself.
:::::'''Cerydra:''' Still, the restaurant made quite a splash in the Maze. That's worth celebrating.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Harvest Festival...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163141-->
:::::'''Cerydra:''' Who would've thought that scholar could actually grow crops that massive? The kitchen won't have to worry about running out of ingredients anytime soon.
:::::'''Cerydra:''' As for the surplus... plenty of ways to put it to use. Better that than starving with empty pots.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Great Sale...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163144-->
:::::'''Cerydra:''' Value for money is always the ultimate pursuit. It's human nature, and fairies are no exception.
:::::'''Cerydra:''' Dux Celeripes sure has an eye for what customers really want. And... heh, by pocketing that coin, she showed she knows exactly what she values too.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163124-->
::::'''Cerydra:''' No trouble at all. I'll be here.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to review our restaurant event with you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163130-->
::'''Cerydra:''' Heh. I'll admit, launching a restaurant event is indeed a good move. It brings in traffic and gives each department head a chance to shine. Smart decision, manager.
::'''Cerydra:''' What exactly do you want to talk about?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_fupan-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_fupan-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Sweetie Festival...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163133-->
:::'''Cerydra:''' Dux Fatorum can barely reach the top of the kitchen pot, yet she's a natural at hospitality. Truly impressive.
:::'''Cerydra:''' Running a restaurant means you can't please everyone, so choosing sweets as the first theme is definitely a smart call. It works perfectly with our current ingredient stock while delivering maximum customer satisfaction.
:::'''Cerydra:''' As for the sweetest dish... Heh, I'm pretty sure they already know the answer in their hearts.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Chef Showdown...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163137-->
:::'''Cerydra:''' Hahaha! Who'd have thought a duel between our two chefs would stir up such a commotion in the fairies' domain?
:::'''Cerydra:''' Good thing Dux Gladiorum showed up just in time to stop things from spiraling further. The two chefs' skills are truly top-tier, no doubt. But pleasing the demigod of Ocean is no easy feat. At least, I've never seen it done myself.
:::'''Cerydra:''' Still, the restaurant made quite a splash in the Maze. That's worth celebrating.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Harvest Festival...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163141-->
:::'''Cerydra:''' Who would've thought that scholar could actually grow crops that massive? The kitchen won't have to worry about running out of ingredients anytime soon.
:::'''Cerydra:''' As for the surplus... plenty of ways to put it to use. Better that than starving with empty pots.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Great Sale...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163144-->
:::'''Cerydra:''' Value for money is always the ultimate pursuit. It's human nature, and fairies are no exception.
:::'''Cerydra:''' Dux Celeripes sure has an eye for what customers really want. And... heh, by pocketing that coin, she showed she knows exactly what she values too.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Return}} That's all for now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_803510631_91-->
:::{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let's begin today's business.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_Enter_UI-->
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: GroupG81-->
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to talk about the team.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163104-->
::::'''Cerydra:''' Heh. Honestly, I'm quite pleased to have gathered so many capable heroes, all lending their talents to this venture.
::::'''Cerydra:''' What would you like to discuss?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_803510631_96-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_803510631_96-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Restaurant Supervisor...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163107-->
:::::'''Cerydra:''' The role of the Restaurant Supervisor currently falls under my purview. Dux Goldweaver assists me from time to time as well.
:::::'''Cerydra:''' Thankfully, everyone on the team is dedicated and capable. It spares me from having to micromanage, allowing me to focus on business development and long-term growth.
:::::'''Cerydra:''' Sounds idle, doesn't it? In reality, it's all endless stacks of data reports, and a never-ending flood of customer complaints. Utterly annoying.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Chef...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163111-->
::::;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityMydeimos}} is undefined 1)
::::::'''Cerydra:''' The crown prince of Kremnos, yet blessed with such remarkable culinary talent. Most people wouldn't believe it if you told them.
::::::'''Cerydra:''' Now that we've got two chefs holding the fort, there's no longer any need to worry about menu variety. Though... heh, I suppose some conflict is inevitable.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityMydeimos}} is not undefined 1)
::::::'''Cerydra:''' I heard this chef's been close with the fairies since childhood. I assume that means he has a strong grasp of the local clientele's tastes.
::::::'''Cerydra:''' Still... I don't understand why he's so obsessed with salads.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Delivery Coordinators...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163116-->
:::::'''Cerydra:''' Dux Fatorum move with light feet and excel in delivering items and connecting people, so they are perfectly suited for this role.
:::::'''Cerydra:''' My only concern is their overly close relationship with the local fairies, which makes it difficult for them to impose strict discipline on the delivery crew. Still, that might not be a flaw but rather an asset.
:::::'''Cerydra:''' Oh, and... ahem. Openly commenting on the Imperator's height is a breach of etiquette. I'll let it slide this time.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Agricultural Experts...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163120-->
:::::'''Cerydra:''' I'm not particularly familiar with the two Grove scholars, but judging by the state of the farmland, their talents are beyond question.
:::::'''Cerydra:''' I've heard whispers about one of them having a rather eccentric disposition, but does it matter? So long as they serve the restaurant well and ensure a bountiful harvest, that's all we need.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163124-->
::::'''Cerydra:''' No trouble at all. I'll be here.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163124-->
::'''Cerydra:''' No trouble at all. I'll be here.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cerydra
|zhs  = 刻律德菈
|zht  = 刻律德菈
|ja   = ケリュドラ
|ko   = 케리드라
|es   = Céridra
|fr   = Cérydra
|ru   = Керидра
|th   = Cerydra
|vi   = Cerydra
|de   = Cerydra
|id   = Cerydra
|pt   = Cerydra
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}