<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cyrene#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Cyrene.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Cyrene''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_249_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 434018013: Config/Level/Mission/4340180/Act/Act434018013.json-->
;(Unused &mdash; happy)
:<!--Custom String Listener: happy-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106005
}</pre>
::'''Cyrene:''' Do you like relaxing days like this? I love it! Seeing you is the start of a beautiful day.
::{{A|VO vo ambient w4 v340 greeting cyrene 105.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w4 v340 greeting cyrene 128.ogg}} '''Cyrene:''' I remember you had many questions for me when we first met.
::'''Cyrene:''' Let's make a promise... When a new journey begins, we will learn about each other again and write the next page of our story together!
::'''Cyrene:''' Do you know that in the ancient language of Aedes Elysiae, "first encounter" is read as "searching" or... "reunion."
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; hometown)
:<!--Custom String Listener: hometown-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106028
}</pre>
::'''Cyrene:''' People always miss their home, but what's more important is to take the next step forward, right?
::{{A|VO vo ambient w4 v340 greeting cyrene 105.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w4 v340 greeting cyrene 128.ogg}} '''Cyrene:''' I remember you had many questions for me when we first met.
::'''Cyrene:''' Let's make a promise... When a new journey begins, we will learn about each other again and write the next page of our story together!
::'''Cyrene:''' Do you know that in the ancient language of Aedes Elysiae, "first encounter" is read as "searching" or... "reunion."
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Cyrene
|zhs  = 昔涟
|zht  = 昔漣
|ja   = キュレネ
|ko   = 키레네
|es   = Cirene
|fr   = Cyrène
|ru   = Кирена
|th   = Cyrene
|vi   = Cyrene
|de   = Cyrene
|id   = Cyrene
|pt   = Cyrene
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}