<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dolimem#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Dolimem.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Dolimem''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_33_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityCerydra}} is greater than or equal to 1)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504131003: Config/Level/Mission/5041310/Act/Act504131003.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106063
}</pre>
::'''Dolimem:''' The paths to Membrance Maze have long been forgotten. Your arrival has brought the forest back to life!
::'''Dolimem:''' Since the leaves and vines have opened wide to welcome you, since ancient songs have guided your steps &mdash; we too shall treat you as an honored guest. We'll gather 'round the fire and share the rain, the stories, and the laughter.
::'''Dolimem:''' Hehe... when that day comes, don't forget to tell us your story, too.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504115001_10-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504115001_10-->
;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityCerydra}} is not greater than or equal to 1)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504115001: Config/Level/Mission/5041150/Act/Act504115001.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106063
}</pre>
::'''Dolimem:''' The paths to Membrance Maze have long been forgotten. Your arrival has brought the forest back to life!
::'''Dolimem:''' Since the leaves and vines have opened wide to welcome you, since ancient songs have guided your steps &mdash; we too shall treat you as an honored guest. We'll gather 'round the fire and share the rain, the stories, and the laughter.
::'''Dolimem:''' Hehe... when that day comes, don't forget to tell us your story, too.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504115001_10-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504115001_10-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504115001_10-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How did you become a village chief?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115005-->
:::'''Dolimem:''' Hehe... that was a long time ago. Back then, saplings had yet to stretch toward the sky. You could still count the rings inside a tree stump. And the Maze wasn't nearly as full as it is today.
:::'''Dolimem:''' The first fairies to arrive &mdash; some ran off to play in the deep woods. Some fell asleep and never wanted to wake up. As for me, I simply wandered to wherever help was needed.
:::'''Dolimem:''' I don't know how long it's been. But little by little, the village grew more lively. And then, one day &mdash; hehe... the children just started calling me "Chief."
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} And what does a chief do?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115009-->
:::'''Dolimem:''' Hehe... being a chief isn't as easy as you think. Planting crops, drawing water &mdash; I have to handle it all. And when the fairies get into fights, I'm the one who has to break them up.
:::'''Dolimem:''' Then there's the praying &mdash; to the heart of Maze. Listening to the whispers of time, interpreting the prophecies it leaves behind.
:::'''Dolimem:''' And above all, there's the waiting. Waiting for the prophecy to come true. Waiting for fate to draw near. Waiting, you see, is the most important job of all.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll see you next time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115013-->
:::'''Dolimem:''' You have to! It's a promise. When the little ones hear your tales from the outside, they'll wag their tails with joy!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How did you become a village chief?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115005-->
::'''Dolimem:''' Hehe... that was a long time ago. Back then, saplings had yet to stretch toward the sky. You could still count the rings inside a tree stump. And the Maze wasn't nearly as full as it is today.
::'''Dolimem:''' The first fairies to arrive &mdash; some ran off to play in the deep woods. Some fell asleep and never wanted to wake up. As for me, I simply wandered to wherever help was needed.
::'''Dolimem:''' I don't know how long it's been. But little by little, the village grew more lively. And then, one day &mdash; hehe... the children just started calling me "Chief."
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} And what does a chief do?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115009-->
::'''Dolimem:''' Hehe... being a chief isn't as easy as you think. Planting crops, drawing water &mdash; I have to handle it all. And when the fairies get into fights, I'm the one who has to break them up.
::'''Dolimem:''' Then there's the praying &mdash; to the heart of Maze. Listening to the whispers of time, interpreting the prophecies it leaves behind.
::'''Dolimem:''' And above all, there's the waiting. Waiting for the prophecy to come true. Waiting for fate to draw near. Waiting, you see, is the most important job of all.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your take on the new restaurant?
::<!--Custom String Listener: choice3-->
::'''Dolimem:''' Hehe... My distinguished guest, oh no, I should call you manager. How's business these days? Still booming?
::'''Dolimem:''' In all my memory, this forest has never been so full of life.
::'''Dolimem:''' I can see the restaurant's plaque from a distance, hear the cheerful noise, and watch fairies who used to drift about aimlessly now find their passion... It's as if the Membrance Maze has finally awakened from a long slumber.
::'''Dolimem:''' I know running a restaurant is no easy feat. Don't push yourself too hard, manager.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll see you next time.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115013-->
::'''Dolimem:''' You have to! It's a promise. When the little ones hear your tales from the outside, they'll wag their tails with joy!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}