<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Doremem#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = "Waitstaff from the Village"
|image           = NPC Doremem.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Doremem''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_27_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityCerydra}} is greater than or equal to 1)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504131006: Config/Level/Mission/5041310/Act/Act504131006.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106034
}</pre>
::'''Doremem:''' Come one, come all! Take a look, memi! Step right up, step right in, come and taste it, memi!
::'''Doremem:''' Oh, manager, mem. What can I get for you?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just dropping by to see how everyone's doing.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Has work been going well lately?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504131505-->
::'''Doremem:''' Thank you for asking, manager, mem. Being a server here, carrying piping-hot dishes and enjoying unlimited staff meals every day, has been my dream since I was little, mem.
::'''Doremem:''' Though after actually becoming a server, I realized the restaurant stays open really late. By the end of each day, my smile feels frozen in place, and I'm often too busy to even eat the staff meal...
::'''Doremem:''' But when I bring a delicious dish to a customer and see them smile, somehow my face doesn't feel sore anymore, my stomach stops growling, and all the exhaustion just fades away, mem!
::'''Doremem:''' Um, manager, a guest just arrived. I should go greet them, mem.
::'''Doremem:''' Come one, come all! Take a look, memi! Step right up, step right in, come and taste it, memi!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityCerydra}} is not greater than or equal to 1)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504115004: Config/Level/Mission/5041150/Act/Act504115004.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106034
}</pre>
::'''Doremem:''' Come one, come all! Take a look, memi! Step right up, step right in, come and taste it, memi!
::'''Doremem:''' Welcome, dear guest! What would you like to order today?
::'''Doremem:''' Candied Quillorb Berries, Quillorb Fruit Brew, Oven-Baked Quillorb Berry Pie, Quillorb Salad, Quillorb Berry Jam &mdash; we've got it all, memi! Please, take your pick!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why is it all Quillorbs?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Quillorbs it is, then.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115306-->
::'''Doremem:''' Sorry, memi. Truth is, we don't even have any Quillorbs. I was just practicing my restaurant service lines.
::'''Doremem:''' Even though the restaurants in the Maze have long been closed, I've always dreamed of being a server, memi! Carrying hot dishes fresh from the kitchen, unlimited staff meals every day &mdash; that must be the best job in the world, memi!
::'''Doremem:''' I&mdash;I even think I was born for it, memi!
::'''Doremem:''' But before that... I need to practice, and practice hard.
::'''Doremem:''' "Come one, come all! Take a look, memi! Step right up, come and try it, memi!"
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}