<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dosolmem#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = "Farmer from the Village"
|image           = NPC Dosolmem.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Dosolmem''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_28_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityCerydra}} is greater than or equal to 1)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504131001: Config/Level/Mission/5041310/Act/Act504131001.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106029
}</pre>
::'''Dosolmem:''' Mem! Mem, mem! Come on, greenie cabbage, let's show some spirit, mem!
::'''Dosolmem:''' Soak up that dew. Soak up that sun. Grow crisp, green leaves and strong, plump hearts. Don't let the greenie cabbage next door outshine you, mem!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you talking to vegetables?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504131004-->
:::'''Dosolmem:''' Yeah, we've got to get those greenie cabbage to give it their all, mem.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The cabbages are in the hot seat now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504131006-->
:::'''Dosolmem:''' There's a reason I'm cheering them on, mem!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504131007-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504131007-->
::'''Dosolmem:''' Ever since the restaurant opened, demand for fruits, veggies, and grains has been sky-high, mem. Even the price of greenie cabbage has shot up like crazy!
::'''Dosolmem:''' Hehe... once the greenie cabbage harvest comes in strong, I'll be rolling in money and dining out every day, mem~
::'''Dosolmem:''' But that merchant who buys? Sharp as a tack and super picky. Only the finest greenie cabbage makes the cut.
::'''Dosolmem:''' So come on, greenie cabbage, step it up and get picked! Picture yourselves on a plate, your bright green leaves making the main dish shine... What a glorious sight that would be!
::'''Dosolmem:''' And when that day comes, I'll drop by to see you every single day, mem!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityCerydra}} is not greater than or equal to 1)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504115005: Config/Level/Mission/5041150/Act/Act504115005.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106029
}</pre>
::'''Dosolmem:''' Memi! Mem! Lift your head. Don't bow to the dry weather.
::'''Dosolmem:''' Times are tough right now, but hope is just ahead. Hang in there, memi!
::'''Dosolmem:''' Push through the mud with everything you've got, and you'll see how beautiful the world is. And me, memi &mdash; I am right here, always waiting by your side!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you talking to me?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115405-->
::'''Dosolmem:''' Shh! Not so loud. I'm talking to the seeds, memi.
::'''Dosolmem:''' It hasn't rained in ages, the soil's gone dry, and the seeds won't sprout. So I'm cheering them on, memi!
::'''Dosolmem:''' Hang in there! When you bear fruit, I'll turn you into the most delicious dish in the Maze &mdash; and eat every last bite, memi!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}