<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Galba#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Hunter
|image           = NPC Galba.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Galba''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_172_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504109001: Config/Level/Mission/5041090/Act/Act504109001.json-->
:'''Galba:''' Well, well, isn't this the {{MC|f=young lady|m=young lad}} who's always with Phainon? Rare to see you wandering around alone.
:'''Galba:''' Here, try some smoked meat I made this morning &mdash; coated it with wild honey. Smells amazing, perfect for young folks like you.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504109001_9-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504109001_9-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} This is delicious! You got more?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504109004-->
::'''Galba:''' Hahaha, you bet! You can eat as much as you want.
::'''Galba:''' This from a deer I bagged last week &mdash; real tender meat. Would've been even better fresh out of the pot... too bad you missed it.
::'''Galba:''' Next time, I'll let you try my fried fish. Bet you've never tasted anything like it!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you remember what Phainon was like as a kid?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504109008-->
::'''Galba:''' Haha, come on now. He's still pretty much a kid, isn't he? But yeah... when he was younger, he was a lot like my little rascal at home.
::'''Galba:''' Boys are all the same &mdash; heads full of hero stories, always dreaming of saving the world. Don't let his serious face fool you. He used to roll around the wheat fields with a branch...
::'''Galba:''' By the way, if you wanna learn how to catch field mice, he's the one to ask. That kid's got real skills.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I've got to do something else. Gotta get moving first.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504109012-->
::'''Galba:''' Sure. Come by again when you've got time.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Galba
|zhs  = 伽尔巴
|zht  = 伽爾巴
|ja   = ガルバ
|ko   = 갈바
|es   = Galba
|fr   = Galba
|ru   = Гальба
|th   = Galba
|vi   = Galba
|de   = Galba
|id   = Galba
|pt   = Galba
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}