<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hachimem#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = "Restaurant Chef"
|image           = NPC Hachimem.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hachimem''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_318_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504131007: Config/Level/Mission/5041310/Act/Act504131007.json-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106029
}</pre>
:'''Hachimem:''' Oh, manager, it's you. Please don't stand too close. I wouldn't want soup to splash on you, mem.
:'''Hachimem:''' Apologies for the mess. Things have gotten a bit hectic lately. More customers are coming in, and business has really picked up. It's hard to find a spare moment, mem.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504131007_104-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504131007_104-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You've worked hard lately!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504131604-->
::'''Hachimem:''' Not at all, manager. Watching the restaurant thrive makes me truly happy, mem!
::'''Hachimem:''' And working with the chefs has taught me so much, mem.
::'''Hachimem:''' I really hope that one day, I can hold my own just like they do!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Your name is a bit unusual...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504131608-->
::'''Hachimem:''' I chose it myself. It comes from a legend among the fairies, mem.
::'''Hachimem:''' They say there's a kind of sweet syrup that flows along tree trunks. It's yellow like gold, clear like amber, and sweeter than any fruit in the Maze. A dreamlike delicacy that symbolizes eternity&mdash;
::'''Hachimem:''' That's right, that's "Hachimead." In the outside world, I think they call it "honey."
::'''Hachimem:''' To keep my mission of finding it close to heart, I took its name as my own. It sounds lovely, doesn't it, mem?
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Keep it up. I won't bother you any longer.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504131613-->
::'''Hachimem:''' No need to be so polite, manager. This is what I, Hachimem, am meant to do as a chef, mem!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}