<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hyacine#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Hyacine.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hyacine''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_82_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
----
:'''Anaxa:''' ...Note this down. After replanting, the experimental batch yielded approximately 30% more than the control group.
:'''Hyacine:''' Could it be due to the alchemical solution? Or perhaps just a fluke?
:'''Anaxa:''' Too early to tell. Based on my soil data, we should run a few more trials, this time with better control over light exposure.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_803510634_166-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_803510634_166-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You two agricultural specialists are taking this really seriously!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163405-->
::'''Hyacine:''' Ah, hey there, Grayie! Fairies love good food, so of course we're going all out.
::'''Anaxa:''' This is just basic research. Hyacine, did you note down everything I just said?
::'''Hyacine:''' Yup, all recorded. Oh, and you also said, "Carrots I grow myself really do taste better!" Should I write that down too?
::'''Anaxa:''' ...That won't be necessary.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I better leave you alone then...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163410-->
::The two agricultural experts are still deep in conversation, tossing around academic terms like "dominant vs. recessive" and "segregation and recombination." Best not interrupt for now.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hyacine
|zhs  = 风堇
|zht  = 風堇
|ja   = ヒアンシー
|ko   = 히아킨
|es   = Hyacine
|fr   = Hyacine
|ru   = Гиацина
|th   = Hyacine
|vi   = Hyacine
|de   = Hyacine
|id   = Hyacine
|pt   = Hyacine
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}