<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hysilens#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Hysilens.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hysilens''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_156_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 803510638: Config/Level/Mission/8035106/Act/Act803510638.json-->
:'''Hysilens:''' Little Gray Fry, if you have time to wander around, you should spend more of it enjoying this rare celebration with your companions.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_803510638_241-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_803510638_241-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why aren't you joining them?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163803-->
::'''Hysilens:''' The Imperator seems to be enjoying the feast quite a bit. As the Gladius, it is my duty to remain in the shadows and stay always ready.
::'''Hysilens:''' Besides... the restaurant feels like a bustling shallows, leaving my senses stranded in its noise.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You and Aglaea are close, right?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163806-->
::'''Hysilens:''' Dux Goldweaver and I fought alongside the Imperator. We go way back. When I first arrived in the fairies' domain, she even joked about making me a fancy outfit suitable for this feast... Actually, she might not have been joking.
::'''Hysilens:''' Ever since she took up the divine authority of "Romance," I haven't seen her look so relaxed in a long, long time.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835163809-->
::'''Hysilens:''' Currents always converge in the end. Don't let it weigh on you, Little Gray Fry.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_803510638-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hysilens
|zhs  = 海瑟音
|zht  = 海瑟音
|ja   = セイレンス
|ko   = 히실렌스
|es   = Hysilens
|fr   = Hysilens
|ru   = Гисиленса
|th   = Hysilens
|vi   = Hysilens
|de   = Hysilens
|id   = Hysilens
|pt   = Hysilens
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}