<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Latitimem#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = "Magnate from the Village"
|image           = NPC Latitimem.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Latitimem''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_31_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityCerydra}} is greater than or equal to 1)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504131002: Config/Level/Mission/5041310/Act/Act504131002.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106033
}</pre>
::'''Latitimem:''' Standing before you now is a lifetime member of The Fairy Restaurant &mdash; Latitimem!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A VIP member!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Riches brought us together.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504131104-->
::'''Latitimem:''' I don't have many hobbies, but I do love spending money, especially on things I adore.
::'''Latitimem:''' At first, I wanted to buy the entire restaurant, but that fierce-looking restaurant supervisor shut me down instantly.
::'''Latitimem:''' No luck, so I settled for a lifetime membership to the restaurant, mem.
::'''Latitimem:''' But I still can't figure it out... How could anyone stay unmoved by a price as steep as fifteen and a half cobbles, mem?
;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityCerydra}} is not greater than or equal to 1)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504115006: Config/Level/Mission/5041150/Act/Act504115006.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106033
}</pre>
::'''Latitimem:''' Twenty-two cicada shells, fifteen and a half cobbles, and seven flower petals. That's my entire fortune &mdash; rounded up, I could buy half of the Maze, memi.
::'''Latitimem:''' Wilted petals aren't worth much anymore, but I don't care, memi. You know why? Because I'm rich, memi!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So how did you earn all that?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115504-->
:::'''Latitimem:''' I haven't the slightest clue, memi.
:::'''Latitimem:''' That day, I was just about to trade a petal for a Quillorb, when a gust of wind blew it into the stream.
:::'''Latitimem:''' I sighed a big Mem sigh. Then I looked down &mdash; and my feet were surrounded by shiny, glittery cobbles! Fate really is full of surprises, memi! I got so mad, I just tossed them all away, memi.
:::'''Latitimem:''' Then the cobbles hit a tree branch, and the cicada shells came raining down like a summer storm, memi.
:::'''Latitimem:''' In an instant, I had everything. And it felt so empty, memi. What should I spend it all on?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Buy a feast! Throw a banquet!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115510-->
::::'''Latitimem:''' Now you've made my tummy rumble, memi! I wanna eat something warm and delicious too.
::::'''Latitimem:''' But even if I offered a whole cobble as a reward, I doubt there's a single proper chef left in all the Maze, memi...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hire fairies, extract surplus value.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115513-->
::::'''Latitimem:''' What's that, memi? I don't get it at all, but it sounds terrifying, memi!
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't want to talk to any rich fairies!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115515-->
:::'''Latitimem:''' Hmph! I'm super busy too, memi. I've got more money than I can spend, so I'm busy spending, memi!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}