<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Milimem#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = "Village Chief's Assistant"
|image           = NPC Milimem.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Milimem''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_29_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityCerydra}} is greater than or equal to 1)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504131005: Config/Level/Mission/5041310/Act/Act504131005.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106052
}</pre>
::'''Milimem:''' Mem... back in my adventuring days, I once tasted a loaf of bread longer than a fairy's ear. The moment I bit into it, the rich scent of grain seemed to take up residence in my mouth and refused to leave for days, mem.
::'''Milimem:''' Somehow, I still feel that the dishes from your restaurant fall just a little short of that flavor I remember. What exactly is missing, mem?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it the ingredients?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it the cookware?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it the technique?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504131406-->
::'''Milimem:''' Or maybe... it's just that my heart is no longer as young as it used to be, mem...
;(If {{F|FSV_ActivityCerydra}} is not greater than or equal to 1)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504115003: Config/Level/Mission/5041150/Act/Act504115003.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106052
}</pre>
::'''Milimem:''' I'm furious, memi! I told the fairies to water the fields regularly, and they called me a delusional dreamer!
::'''Milimem:''' Why does the sky rain? Why do springs flow downhill? And why do we pour water into the fields?
::'''Milimem:''' So many crafts have been lost. So much knowledge forgotten. So many lovely poems have become nothing but meaningless notes of "Memi Memi Memi"!
::'''Milimem:''' Back when I wandered far and wide, I saw wheat fields blanketing the hills &mdash; every ear of grain as big as a fairy's hand.
::'''Milimem:''' Alas... I bet you've never seen that either, memi.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How did you ever leave that place?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115207-->
::'''Milimem:''' I've forgotten. Maybe I moved here. Or maybe... maybe I dreamed of the Maze long ago, memi.
::'''Milimem:''' Alas, every generation, worse than the last, memi.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}