<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Piso#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Child of Hunter
|image           = NPC Piso.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Piso''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_173_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504108001: Config/Level/Mission/5041080/Act/Act504108001.json-->
:'''Piso:''' ...Where should I hide... Ah! What the... You scared me!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504108001_8-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504108001_8-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What sneaky thing are you up to?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504108003-->
::'''Piso:''' N&mdash;Nothing! I&mdash;I was just scoping out the next competition spot! Just so you know, I'm the hide-and-seek champion of this village! Pretty awesome, huh?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So that's how it is.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504108005-->
:::'''Piso:''' Y&mdash;Yeah, that's right! Not bragging here!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504108008-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504108008-->
:::'''Piso:''' So... did you need something? Can't you see I'm busy?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Stare at him without saying anything)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504108007-->
:::'''Piso:''' ...Wh&mdash;Why are you being so scary!? Fine, I'll come clean. My dad's gonna whup me at the moment, so I came out for a shelter. That's it. Happy now?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504108008-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504108008-->
:::'''Piso:''' So... did you need something? Can't you see I'm busy?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you tell me about Phainon?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504108010-->
::'''Piso:''' Huh? You two are glued together most days, and now you're asking me? Heh! Knew it &mdash; no one in this village is tighter with Mr. Phainon than me!
::'''Piso:''' Let me tell you a secret: Mr. Phainon's destined to be a great hero! This is from the oracle cards. It's the will of {{Rubi|Oronyx|the Time Titan}}!
::'''Piso:''' Once I'm grown and master swordplay and archery, I'm heading out to find Mr. Phainon. I wanna be a little hero, too!
::'''Piso:''' Ahem, well, maybe if Livia begs me to bring her along, I might consider it...
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} You can do it. Good luck.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504108015-->
::'''Piso:''' Thanks! I'll take all the luck I can get! No way dad's finding me this time!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Piso
|zhs  = 披索
|zht  = 披索
|ja   = ペソ
|ko   = 피소
|es   = Piso
|fr   = Piso
|ru   = Писо
|th   = Piso
|vi   = Piso
|de   = Piso
|id   = Piso
|pt   = Piso
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}