<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Pythias#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Teacher
|image           = NPC Pythias.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Pythias''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_174_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504112001: Config/Level/Mission/5041120/Act/Act504112001.json-->
:'''Pythias:''' Ah, you must be a friend of Phainon's. Welcome!
:'''Pythias:''' Not the best timing, though. It's a busy season in the fields right now, and the school's on break. Otherwise, I'd have loved for you to tell the kids a bit about the outside world.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504112001_9-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504112001_9-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'm actually curious about that village school...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504112004-->
::'''Pythias:''' Oh? Then let me give you a quick tour. I've divided all the village kids into three classes by age. Each group has different lessons and schedules.
::'''Pythias:''' The little ones learn arithmetic, geometry, and morals. The middle group studies geography and our prayer ceremonies. As for the oldest, they're free to explore what interests them. Teachers just guide them along the way.
::'''Pythias:''' Sounds pretty relaxed, doesn't it? Just the basics. After all, once they grow a little older, they'll be helping their parents in the fields. So, no need for complicated knowledge.
::'''Pythias:''' Still... I do hope that one day, they will step beyond the village and see the world for themselves.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How are the kids doing lately?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504112009-->
::'''Pythias:''' Same as always &mdash; turn your back, and they're climbing the curtains. Even the toys I've confiscated lately are way more creative than in Phainon's time.
::'''Pythias:''' Can you believe it? Though it's just a rough shape, some kids can already carve little wooden horses by hand. Hah, maybe we have some future priests of Janus in the making!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up again when there's more time.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504112012-->
::'''Pythias:''' Gladly! I'm sure the kids would love meeting someone with your experience and stories.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Pythias
|zhs  = 皮西厄斯
|zht  = 皮西厄斯
|ja   = ピュティアス
|ko   = 피시아스
|es   = Pitias
|fr   = Pythie
|ru   = Пифея
|th   = Pythias
|vi   = Pythias
|de   = Pythias
|id   = Pythias
|pt   = Pythias
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}