<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Solmisolmem#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = "Gourmet from the Village"
|image           = NPC Solmisolmem.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Solmisolmem''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_32_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 803510201-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504131004: Config/Level/Mission/5041310/Act/Act504131004.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106048
}</pre>
::'''Solmisolmem:''' Mem, the white taro is sliced with precision, every piece even in size, perfectly cooked, and plated with great care. The sauce tying everything together is blended to an ideal ratio...
::'''Solmisolmem:''' Looks like it's the more cautious chef handling the kitchen this time, mem.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A more cautious chef?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can tell?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504131305-->
::'''Solmisolmem:''' Of course. Never underestimate my tongue. Even the same dish can taste completely different depending on who's behind the stove, mem!
::'''Solmisolmem:''' As for the other chef... his knife work is sharp and decisive, and he loves stir-frying over high heat. He seems like the type who cooks with instinct, guided by feel alone. A bold and free-spirited chef, mem.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Which one do you prefer?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504131308-->
::'''Solmisolmem:''' Mem... The cautious chef considers every detail, and his dishes have a warm, comforting quality. The free-spirited one might be rough around the edges, but he brings surprises that leave a lasting impression...
::'''Solmisolmem:''' It's so hard to choose, mem!
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 803510201-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504115002: Config/Level/Mission/5041150/Act/Act504115002.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice_Single",
	"VoiceID": 504106048
}</pre>
::'''Solmisolmem:''' Soup... drawn from spring water at the mountain's source.
::'''Solmisolmem:''' Once boiled, its crisp sweetness blended perfectly with the scent of white taro, memi.
::'''Solmisolmem:''' Seasoning... rock salt from deep beneath the earth.
::'''Solmisolmem:''' But alas, the grains were too coarse, and the heat wasn't quite right. The soup turned murky, and the white taro came out a little too firm, memi.
::'''Solmisolmem:''' Mem? This taste... it's unfamiliar.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait, you couldn't tell what it was?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Now you've made me hungry, too.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504115108-->
::'''Solmisolmem:''' Memi! No one's allowed to question my professional palate! I can taste every single drop of seasoning in that stew, memi!
::'''Solmisolmem:''' This is... dust from the rooftop. Memi, a sprinkle of time's essence added to the stew.
::'''Solmisolmem:''' This is... a splinter from a hoe's handle. Memi, you can almost taste the toil of the harvest.
::'''Solmisolmem:''' This is... hair from the back of a fairy's hand. Mem?
::'''Solmisolmem:''' Who started cooking without washing their hands, memi?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}