<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tisolimem#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Tisolimem.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = Aedes Elysiae
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Tisolimem''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [[Aedes Elysiae]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aedes Elysiae|npc_307_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 803510653: Config/Level/Mission/8035106/Act/Act803510653.json-->
:'''Tisolimem:''' Heh. Running a restaurant is a big deal in the Membrance Maze. We need to take it seriously. Are you ready to open for business, mem?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_803510653_90-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_803510653_90-->
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Let's begin today's business.
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END_OpenUI-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: G307OPENUI-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About this restaurant's history...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835165304-->
::'''Tisolimem:''' Uh... Manager, did you forget? Even though the restaurant was built a long time ago, the fairies had no idea how to use it...
::'''Tisolimem:''' But you suddenly appeared in the Membrance Maze and helped us revive the abandoned restaurant, mem!
::'''Tisolimem:''' You even taught the fairies how to farm and cook, letting us taste so many delicious food! You have no idea how grateful we are to you!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I had no idea I was this awesome...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835165308-->
:::'''Tisolimem:''' Mem! You're incredible, a VIP of the Membrance Maze.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_835165311-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835165311-->
:::'''Tisolimem:''' Feels like I forgot something... but whatever! Just hit me up whenever you wanna open up for business, mem!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you seen my friends around?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835165310-->
:::'''Tisolimem:''' ...Mem? Your friends? Not sure. I've only met Reney. She's been quite helpful, too.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_835165311-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835165311-->
:::'''Tisolimem:''' Feels like I forgot something... but whatever! Just hit me up whenever you wanna open up for business, mem!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you maybe stop copying how others talk...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835165313-->
::'''Tisolimem:''' Mem! But I think this way of talking makes me sound so cool and powerful. All the other fairies will totally listen to me.
::'''Tisolimem:''' As for where I learned it from, I can't quite remember... Maybe in some dream?
::'''Tisolimem:''' Doesn't matter! Anyway, hit me up whenever you want to open up shop, mem!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Wait a moment.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_835165317-->
::'''Tisolimem:''' No worries. I'll wait right here for you, mem!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}