<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Eunice#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 88 Degrees Bedrock
|image           = NPC Eunice.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Jarilo-VI
|location        = Robot Settlement
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Eunice''' is an NPC on [[Jarilo-VI]], located in [[Robot Settlement]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Robot Settlement|npc_76_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 301101407,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 301101407,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 301101407: Config/Level/Mission/3011014/Act/Act301101407.json-->
----
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 404001407_blk-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: 404001407_blk-->
:'''Eunice:''' ...
:'''Julian:''' ...
:'''Eunice:''' ...
:'''Julian:''' ...Umm, (Trailblazer), why isn't she saying anything?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's how a rapper is.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_301101549-->
::'''Julian:''' A rapper... That sounds so cool! I want to become a cool rapper, too!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_301101551-->
::'''Julian:''' ...Hey, why aren't you saying anything either?
::'''Julian:''' Huh... Never mind! I won't blame you for keeping quiet, (Trailblazer). Just hand over Eunice's package to her.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_301101407-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501030700: Config/Level/Mission/5010307/Act/Act501030700.json-->
::'''Eunice:''' ...
::'''Eunice:''' Yo.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yo?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yo...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yo!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030626-->
::'''Eunice:''' ...Just settle down and listen to me, you artless little cells...
::'''Eunice:''' Internal Combustion Engine Rap champion &mdash; 88 Degrees Bedrock &mdash; in the house and owning the Underworld rap scene &mdash;
::'''Eunice:''' Here're some rhymes to drive away those winter blues!
::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand days with no light / gets dark~
::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand kids with no home / that's stark~
::'''Eunice:''' No more food left in the cupboard, the mood is dire
::'''Eunice:''' Like a fire burning, she knows it's bread her kids' desire
::'''Eunice:''' Fragile, innocent, young eyes peeking out the windows
::'''Eunice:''' Life can be so tough, only ya momma really ever knows
::'''Eunice:''' Fixating, hating, these problems never really abating
::'''Eunice:''' Sweeping past outside, an honest shadow &mdash; take a look
::'''Eunice:''' Ten square feet of sadness written down in {{MC|f=her|m=his}} notebook
::'''Eunice:''' Noting down the starlight, oh it's so romantic, then painting a scene that's heartbreaking and tragic
::'''Eunice:''' A broken heart, 'cos freedom keeps {{MC|f=her|m=him}} going
::'''Eunice:''' Dignity stolen, we drift now that it's snowing
::'''Eunice:''' Just for a crust of bread, just for liberation
::'''Eunice:''' Go against the grain like that alien guardian
::'''Eunice:''' The wheels they keep are turning in the snow nation. Our era will complete its reconciliation.
::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand days, four thousand nights
::'''Eunice:''' Kids think glaciers are just frozen milk
::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand homes, eight thousand eyes
::'''Eunice:''' Those sweet breadcrumbs, like scattered snowflakes
::'''Eunice:''' ...Yeah.
::Eunice's performance ends.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404012801-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Enthusiastically applause.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030651-->
:::'''Eunice:''' ...
:::'''Eunice:''' Yeah, uh-huh~
:::Eunice looks really happy.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Silence...)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030655-->
:::'''Eunice:''' ...
:::'''Eunice:''' Yay.
:::Eunice looks a little confused.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to hear...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030662-->
:::'''Eunice:''' ...Uh-huh?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_501030702_59-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_501030702_59-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to hear a sad song...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030664-->
::::'''Eunice:''' Right... Listen up.
::::'''Eunice:''' Light of the moon over city of snow, kid down below gazing up all alone
::::'''Eunice:''' Silence, dismay, how to make sense of this vision of gray?
::::'''Eunice:''' You to protect, her to defend, queen of oblivion lies with no end
::::'''Eunice:''' Child born and bred of the Underworld dark, orders that keep him and home far apart
::::'''Eunice:''' Life, death, and honor the struggle persists, finding his parents his solitary wish
::::'''Eunice:''' Crackling flame, flickering light, now he escapes in the dead of the night
::::'''Eunice:''' Sickness and hunger forever pursuing him, gritting his teeth leaves the city behind
::::'''Eunice:''' Scraping of claws, gnashing of teeth, evil intent hears the sound of his feet
::::'''Eunice:''' Don't make a sound hold your breath till it's over, heart pounding don't let the panic take over
::::'''Eunice:''' Howl of the wind, silvery light, hold on to sanity keep up the fight
::::'''Eunice:''' Now the blizzard descends, eyes start to close, the voices of family lost to the snow...
::::'''Eunice:''' Another Belobog night, the hate the lies just can't hide, yeah
::::'''Eunice:''' Her gaze cold as ice, while the world passes by, yeah
::::'''Eunice:''' Another Belobog night, a fire the lies can't abide, yeah
::::'''Eunice:''' On his face one last smile, a sign the sun always rises
::::Eunice's performance ends.
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to hear something upbeat.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030682-->
::::'''Eunice:''' Right... Listen up.
::::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand days with no light / gets dark~
::::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand kids with no home / that's stark~
::::'''Eunice:''' No more food left in the cupboard, the mood is dire
::::'''Eunice:''' Like a fire burning, she knows it's bread her kids' desire
::::'''Eunice:''' Fragile, innocent, young eyes peeking out the windows
::::'''Eunice:''' Life can be so tough, only ya momma really ever knows
::::'''Eunice:''' Fixating, hating, these problems never really abating
::::'''Eunice:''' Sweeping past outside, an honest shadow &mdash; take a look
::::'''Eunice:''' Ten square feet of sadness written down in {{MC|f=her|m=his}} notebook
::::'''Eunice:''' Noting down the starlight, oh it's so romantic, then painting a scene that's heartbreaking and tragic
::::'''Eunice:''' A broken heart, 'cos freedom keeps {{MC|f=her|m=him}} going
::::'''Eunice:''' Dignity stolen, we drift now that it's snowing
::::'''Eunice:''' Just for a crust of bread, just for liberation
::::'''Eunice:''' Go against the grain like that alien guardian
::::'''Eunice:''' The wheels they keep are turning in the snow nation. Our era will complete its reconciliation.
::::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand days, four thousand nights
::::'''Eunice:''' Kids think glaciers are just frozen milk
::::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand homes, eight thousand eyes
::::'''Eunice:''' Those sweet breadcrumbs, like scattered snowflakes
::::'''Eunice:''' ...Yeah.
::::Eunice's performance ends.
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Any new tracks?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030705-->
::::'''Eunice:''' Right... Listen up.
::::'''Eunice:''' Creation isn't just some kind of simple game
::::'''Eunice:''' Rap is how I break out of my prison of pain
::::'''Eunice:''' I got my beat, lyrics falling at my feet
::::'''Eunice:''' Building up my confidence with flow so elite
::::'''Eunice:''' Don't tell me what to do. Don't tell me what to be
::::'''Eunice:''' Mess with my genius and you'll be sorry
::::'''Eunice:''' Don't be such a coward. We gonna stop the clock
::::'''Eunice:''' Catch me when I'm mad and I'll explode &mdash; tick tock!
::::'''Eunice:''' That's all I got to say. Don't force me to create
::::'''Eunice:''' Those with no talent can just shut up and wait
::::'''Eunice:''' No one made you listen &mdash; whatever you were hopin'
::::'''Eunice:''' Your parents should've taught you not to eat with your mouth open
::::'''Eunice:''' We got 88 Degrees Bedrock. Respect the name
::::'''Eunice:''' Or I'll beat you like a debt collector bringin' the pain
::::'''Eunice:''' That's enough from me. Don't think it's all I got
::::'''Eunice:''' I'm worried you can't handle if I really shoot my shot
::::'''Eunice:''' That's enough from me. Don't try to match this genius
::::'''Eunice:''' My little finger rapping could still take you to the cleaners
::::'''Eunice:''' ...Yeah.
::::Eunice's err... "performance" ends.
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Ergh... Forget about it.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030726-->
::::'''Eunice:''' ...uh-huh.
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ergh... Forget about it.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030727-->
:::Eunice's performance ends.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetAudioEmotionState",
	"StateName": "State_Esilence"
}</pre>
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501030701: Config/Level/Mission/5010307/Act/Act501030701.json-->
::'''Eunice:''' ...
::'''Eunice:''' Yo.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yo.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030660-->
::'''Eunice:''' Uh-huh.
::Eunice looks really satisfied.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150128-->)
:{{DIcon}} The Underworld's opened up now... Got any new beats?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501030704: Config/Level/Mission/5010307/Act/Act501030704.json-->
::'''Eunice:''' Yo! Listen up &mdash;
::'''Eunice:''' Hey! I feel the love of the universe burn~
::'''Eunice:''' Hey! Waiting in the center of the world for your return~
::'''Eunice:''' Yeah, baby &mdash; have you heard the news?
::'''Eunice:''' From chaos up above there comes a silver muse
::'''Eunice:''' Big ups to my homies, we honor you with beats
::'''Eunice:''' Inspiring and admiring, keeping evil off the streets
::'''Eunice:''' Yeah, baby &mdash; have you heard the news?
::'''Eunice:''' From chaos up above comes a messenger of hope
::'''Eunice:''' Smashing Stellaron like a brutal isotope
::'''Eunice:''' Revolutionizing a new world that's super dope
::'''Eunice:''' Yeah, baby &mdash; have you heard the news?
::'''Eunice:''' From chaos up above, there comes a new light
::'''Eunice:''' Empowering our children and dispelling their sad plight
::'''Eunice:''' Gently play that music, your hometown's within sight
::'''Eunice:''' Yeah, baby – I know you heard the news
::'''Eunice:''' This chaos up above, we no longer can refuse
::'''Eunice:''' Take my hand baby, and together let's go cruise
::'''Eunice:''' This tailwind, my head spins, laughing at my solitude
::'''Eunice:''' Hey! I feel the love of the universe burn~
::'''Eunice:''' Hey! Waiting in the center of the world for your return~
::'''Eunice:''' ...Yeah~
::Eunice's performance ends.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501030704-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 301101407--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150128-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I heard you're looking for me?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 301101407: Config/Level/Mission/3011014/Act/Act301101407.json-->
::----
::<!--Custom String Trigger: 404001407_blk-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: 404001407_blk-->
::'''Eunice:''' ...
::'''Julian:''' ...
::'''Eunice:''' ...
::'''Julian:''' ...Umm, (Trailblazer), why isn't she saying anything?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's how a rapper is.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_301101549-->
:::'''Julian:''' A rapper... That sounds so cool! I want to become a cool rapper, too!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_301101551-->
:::'''Julian:''' ...Hey, why aren't you saying anything either?
:::'''Julian:''' Huh... Never mind! I won't blame you for keeping quiet, (Trailblazer). Just hand over Eunice's package to her.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_301101407-->
:{{DIcon}} I want to hear...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501030702: Config/Level/Mission/5010307/Act/Act501030702.json-->
::'''Eunice:''' ...Uh-huh?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_501030702_59-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_501030702_59-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to hear a sad song...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030664-->
:::'''Eunice:''' Right... Listen up.
:::'''Eunice:''' Light of the moon over city of snow, kid down below gazing up all alone
:::'''Eunice:''' Silence, dismay, how to make sense of this vision of gray?
:::'''Eunice:''' You to protect, her to defend, queen of oblivion lies with no end
:::'''Eunice:''' Child born and bred of the Underworld dark, orders that keep him and home far apart
:::'''Eunice:''' Life, death, and honor the struggle persists, finding his parents his solitary wish
:::'''Eunice:''' Crackling flame, flickering light, now he escapes in the dead of the night
:::'''Eunice:''' Sickness and hunger forever pursuing him, gritting his teeth leaves the city behind
:::'''Eunice:''' Scraping of claws, gnashing of teeth, evil intent hears the sound of his feet
:::'''Eunice:''' Don't make a sound hold your breath till it's over, heart pounding don't let the panic take over
:::'''Eunice:''' Howl of the wind, silvery light, hold on to sanity keep up the fight
:::'''Eunice:''' Now the blizzard descends, eyes start to close, the voices of family lost to the snow...
:::'''Eunice:''' Another Belobog night, the hate the lies just can't hide, yeah
:::'''Eunice:''' Her gaze cold as ice, while the world passes by, yeah
:::'''Eunice:''' Another Belobog night, a fire the lies can't abide, yeah
:::'''Eunice:''' On his face one last smile, a sign the sun always rises
:::Eunice's performance ends.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404012801-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501030727-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030727-->
:::Eunice's performance ends.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to hear something upbeat.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030682-->
:::'''Eunice:''' Right... Listen up.
:::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand days with no light / gets dark~
:::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand kids with no home / that's stark~
:::'''Eunice:''' No more food left in the cupboard, the mood is dire
:::'''Eunice:''' Like a fire burning, she knows it's bread her kids' desire
:::'''Eunice:''' Fragile, innocent, young eyes peeking out the windows
:::'''Eunice:''' Life can be so tough, only ya momma really ever knows
:::'''Eunice:''' Fixating, hating, these problems never really abating
:::'''Eunice:''' Sweeping past outside, an honest shadow &mdash; take a look
:::'''Eunice:''' Ten square feet of sadness written down in {{MC|f=her|m=his}} notebook
:::'''Eunice:''' Noting down the starlight, oh it's so romantic, then painting a scene that's heartbreaking and tragic
:::'''Eunice:''' A broken heart, 'cos freedom keeps {{MC|f=her|m=him}} going
:::'''Eunice:''' Dignity stolen, we drift now that it's snowing
:::'''Eunice:''' Just for a crust of bread, just for liberation
:::'''Eunice:''' Go against the grain like that alien guardian
:::'''Eunice:''' The wheels they keep are turning in the snow nation. Our era will complete its reconciliation.
:::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand days, four thousand nights
:::'''Eunice:''' Kids think glaciers are just frozen milk
:::'''Eunice:''' Four thousand homes, eight thousand eyes
:::'''Eunice:''' Those sweet breadcrumbs, like scattered snowflakes
:::'''Eunice:''' ...Yeah.
:::Eunice's performance ends.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404012801-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501030727-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030727-->
:::Eunice's performance ends.
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Any new tracks?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030705-->
:::'''Eunice:''' Right... Listen up.
:::'''Eunice:''' Creation isn't just some kind of simple game
:::'''Eunice:''' Rap is how I break out of my prison of pain
:::'''Eunice:''' I got my beat, lyrics falling at my feet
:::'''Eunice:''' Building up my confidence with flow so elite
:::'''Eunice:''' Don't tell me what to do. Don't tell me what to be
:::'''Eunice:''' Mess with my genius and you'll be sorry
:::'''Eunice:''' Don't be such a coward. We gonna stop the clock
:::'''Eunice:''' Catch me when I'm mad and I'll explode &mdash; tick tock!
:::'''Eunice:''' That's all I got to say. Don't force me to create
:::'''Eunice:''' Those with no talent can just shut up and wait
:::'''Eunice:''' No one made you listen &mdash; whatever you were hopin'
:::'''Eunice:''' Your parents should've taught you not to eat with your mouth open
:::'''Eunice:''' We got 88 Degrees Bedrock. Respect the name
:::'''Eunice:''' Or I'll beat you like a debt collector bringin' the pain
:::'''Eunice:''' That's enough from me. Don't think it's all I got
:::'''Eunice:''' I'm worried you can't handle if I really shoot my shot
:::'''Eunice:''' That's enough from me. Don't try to match this genius
:::'''Eunice:''' My little finger rapping could still take you to the cleaners
:::'''Eunice:''' ...Yeah.
:::Eunice's err... "performance" ends.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404012801-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501030727-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030727-->
:::Eunice's performance ends.
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Ergh... Forget about it.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501030726-->
:::'''Eunice:''' ...uh-huh.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501030702-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Ergh... Forget about it.
::Eunice's performance ends.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Miner
|zhs  = 矿民
|zht  = 礦民
|ja   = 鉱夫
|ko   = 광부
|es   = Personal de la mina
|fr   = Mineur
|ru   = Шахтёр
|th   = คนงานเหมือง
|vi   = Thợ Mỏ
|de   = Bergarbeiter
|id   = Penambang
|pt   = Minerador
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}