<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Herta#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Herta.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Herta's Office
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Herta''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Herta's Office]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Herta's Office|npc_7_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 403000221,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 403000221,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 401011601-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 403000223: Config/Level/Mission/4030002/Act/Act403000223.json-->
::----
::'''Herta:''' I never thought Aha would show up... Looks like I'll have to deploy the official version. We have to spend some time on upgrading, the test version will be abandoned.
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 401011601-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 403000221: Config/Level/Mission/4030002/Act/Act403000221.json-->
::----
::'''Herta:''' The Simulated Universe will be closed for a while. We want to give the whole thing a big overhaul, and think about what to do with Aha. Next time you will play the official version of the Simulated Universe, the test version will be abandoned.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_403020509-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020509-->
::'''Herta:''' You can go. I'll message you when I'm ready.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000221_19-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000221_19-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Hang on. I still have questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020511-->
:::'''Herta:''' Yes?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000221_22-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000221_22-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are the Aeons in there really simulations?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020513-->
::::'''Herta:''' Ha, do you find THEM awe-inspiring, too? A virtual Aeon is not the same as any old AI. Ruan Mei and I came up with a way to connect virtual Aeons with THEIR real Paths.
::::'''Herta:''' Aeons in the Simulated Universe are the equivalent of a terminal, and THEIR divinity and wisdom come from the real Aeon. Otherwise, what would be the value in any information we get?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you decided on what to do with Aha?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020516-->
::::'''Herta:''' I have a basic consensus with Screwllum. First, he'll try reducing the partiality values of the simulated Aha, even going as far as blocking THEIR Intra-Cognition &mdash; but that's a little dangerous and may attract the real Elation...
::::'''Herta:''' If we feel that method is unfeasible, then we'll probably leave this Aha to play however THEY like, while isolating THEM from communicating with the other simulated Aeons.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who's this Stephen you keep going on about?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020519-->
::::'''Herta:''' Oh, he's our fourth partner, member #84, Stephen "Weirdo" Lloyd. That guy's a genius with no interest in using his abilities, and spends two-thirds of his time in his adoptive father's fruit shop.
::::'''Herta:''' He can't even get himself excited about something as cool as the Simulated Universe. Stephen did us a favor and asked to remain anonymous &mdash; he doesn't want to make a big splash at all. Perhaps some geniuses wish they weren't one.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} Forget it, it's nothing.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000221_19-->
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} You better beg me to come back next time.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020523-->
:::::'''Herta:''' If I have to, then I will.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::'''Herta:''' By the way, there is a Simulated Universe Index over there, you can check it out if you have nothing else to do. But if you're not interested then forget it.
:::::----
:::::'''Herta:''' Is it not human nature to collect?
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END_final-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END_final-->
:::::----
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} Alright. Goodbye, Herta.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::'''Herta:''' By the way, there is a Simulated Universe Index over there, you can check it out if you have nothing else to do. But if you're not interested then forget it.
:::::----
:::::'''Herta:''' Is it not human nature to collect?
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END_final-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END_final-->
:::::----
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} You better beg me to come back next time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020523-->
:::'''Herta:''' If I have to, then I will.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::'''Herta:''' By the way, there is a Simulated Universe Index over there, you can check it out if you have nothing else to do. But if you're not interested then forget it.
:::----
:::'''Herta:''' Is it not human nature to collect?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END_final-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END_final-->
:::----
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Alright. Goodbye, Herta.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::'''Herta:''' By the way, there is a Simulated Universe Index over there, you can check it out if you have nothing else to do. But if you're not interested then forget it.
:::----
:::'''Herta:''' Is it not human nature to collect?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END_final-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END_final-->
:::----
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_403000221-->
;(All choices lead to the following options)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What a shame! I was just getting addicted.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020604-->
::'''Herta:''' Oh, that's alright. The update only takes a few seconds. Stephen is particularly enthusiastic, and the content's all ready to go.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's okay. I'm not interested either.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020606-->
::'''Herta:''' Thanks for your honesty.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What is up with Aha?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020608-->
::'''Herta:''' Elation is a very strange Aeon. THEY are both confused and clear-minded, and not as stubborn as the other Aeons. Aha won't stay confined to a single concept. THEY may have seen right through the nature of the Simulated Universe.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_403020609-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020609-->
:'''Herta:''' You'll be able to re-enter the Simulated Universe soon. The update has quite a lot of changes.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000227_19-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000227_19-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Hang on. I still have questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020611-->
::'''Herta:''' Yes?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000227_22-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000227_22-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are the Aeons in there really simulations?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020613-->
:::'''Herta:''' Ha, do you find THEM awe-inspiring, too? A virtual Aeon is not the same as any old AI. Ruan Mei and I came up with a way to connect virtual Aeons with THEIR real Paths.
:::'''Herta:''' Aeons in the Simulated Universe are the equivalent of a terminal, and THEIR divinity and wisdom come from the real Aeon. Otherwise, what would be the value in any information we get?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you decided on what to do with Aha?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020616-->
:::'''Herta:''' I have a basic consensus with Screwllum. First, he'll try reducing the partiality values of the simulated Aha, even going as far as blocking THEIR Intra-Cognition &mdash; but that's a little dangerous and may attract the real Elation...
:::'''Herta:''' If we feel that method is unfeasible, then we'll probably leave this Aha to play however THEY like, while isolating THEM from communicating with the other simulated Aeons.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who's this Stephen you keep going on about?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403020619-->
:::'''Herta:''' Oh, he's our fourth partner, member #84, Stephen "Weirdo" Lloyd. That guy's a genius with no interest in using his abilities, and spends two-thirds of his time in his adoptive father's fruit shop.
:::'''Herta:''' He can't even get himself excited about something as cool as the Simulated Universe. Stephen did us a favor and asked to remain anonymous &mdash; he doesn't want to make a big splash at all. Perhaps some geniuses wish they weren't one.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Return}} Forget it, it's nothing.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000227_19-->
::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Alright.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::'''Herta:''' By the way, there is a Simulated Universe Index over there, you can check it out if you have nothing else to do. But if you're not interested then forget it.
::::----
::::'''Herta:''' Is it not human nature to collect?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END_final-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END_final-->
::::----
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Alright.
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::'''Herta:''' By the way, there is a Simulated Universe Index over there, you can check it out if you have nothing else to do. But if you're not interested then forget it.
::----
::'''Herta:''' Is it not human nature to collect?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END_final-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END_final-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_403000221-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 403000314,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 403000314,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceD 403000314: Config/Level/Mission/4030003/Act/Act403000314.json-->
----
:'''Herta:''' How's your experience with the official version? If you find it easy, you can go challenge the next world.
:'''Herta:''' Apparently it's more difficult with stronger enemies. Screwllum said that, according to his model, you have a 60% chance of losing the first time, but it's not like you'll actually lose anything.
:'''Herta:''' You'll clear it sooner or later.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you folks really here to research Aeons?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is feeling more and more like a real game...
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403030406-->
:'''Herta:''' What are you talking about? Our goals haven't changed. Now run off and get ready.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RogueShowSelectMainPage"
}</pre>
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_403000314-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 403000300,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 403000300,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 403000300: Config/Level/Mission/4030003/Act/Act403000300.json-->
----
:'''Herta:''' The official version of "Simulated Universe"! Forget about the previous beta version. There are lots of changes. Do you want me to give you the patch notes?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just say them out loud to me.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403030003-->
::'''Herta:''' You have zero manners...
::'''Herta:''' Firstly, Stephen has made significant adjustments to the gameplay loop. According to him, "The challenge goal of each phase is even clearer" &mdash; I don't really get it. Just because I'm a genius doesn't mean I understand gaming &mdash; so whatever he says goes.
::'''Herta:''' This version offers a higher degree of freedom. You can mix and match your team, choose from a variety of Blessings, and there are even random events to guarantee you a unique experience every time.
::'''Herta:''' Finally, there's a new mechanic that helps you to better pretend to be Akivili.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll figure it out myself.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403030008-->
::'''Herta:''' Alright, stay curious.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nah, I'm not interested.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403030010-->
::'''Herta:''' Alright. You'll find out soon enough.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_403000300-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_403000300-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 100060110,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 100060101
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 100060110: Config/Level/Mission/1000601/Act/Act100060110.json-->
:{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 114.ogg}} '''Herta:''' What's up? I'll only answer questions about the Simulated Universe.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100060121-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060121-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Simulated Universe project...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060122-->
::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 115.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100060123-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060123-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How is it going to answer the mystery of the Aeons?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060124-->
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 116.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Oh, in layman's terms, it will simulate the Aeons THEMSELVES. Then we can ask THEM questions.
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 117.ogg}} '''Herta:''' The society has pulled a lot of strings and diverted a lot of resources to make this project happen... The false Aeons we have simulated are connected with real ones, so you can say we have basically created a bunch of powerless mini Aeons.
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 118.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Of course, if you want to get to the nitty-gritty, it's not that simple... This project has encountered plenty of hiccups along the way. It wasn't all smooth sailing.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You said there are other partners?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060128-->
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 119.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Well, the project was jointly launched by four members of our society. There's Ruan Mei, a master in the field of creation. She cultivated the protoplasm simulating the Aeons. There's Screwllum, the famous mechanical aristocrat, who is responsible for writing the underlying logic of the program and the algorithm for the galaxy.
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 120.ogg}} '''Herta:''' There's me, Herta, who is responsible for providing the venue, personnel, resources, and adding some interesting systems to the project. There's also Stephen&mdash; oh, um, he wants to keep it a secret, so... forget about him.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you need me?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060131-->
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 121.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Well, because you're special... You have a Stellaron in your body. You're living the life of a trailblazer, and even Nanook took a glance at you. So the Aeons may be more willing to accept you.
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 122.ogg}} '''Herta:''' You know, the Aeons have no concept of free will at all. THEY think about nothing but the destined Path. So, when we asked THEM questions, THEY simply ignored us, even when Screwllum gave THEM each a simulated personality and maxed out THEIR social tendency stat.
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 123.ogg}} '''Herta:''' So we decided a different approach... with you.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Return}} I still have some questions...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060121-->
::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Simulated Universe...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060136-->
::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 124.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100060137-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060137-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What exactly does it simulate?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060138-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 125.ogg}} '''Herta:''' It is a simulation of the entire universe according to Screwllum's design. But right now, only limited locations are open for access in this terminal. It's enough for us. Screwllum likes to design big useless things. He has a whole planet to himself, so he doesn't care about spatial limitations...
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why is combat a part of the design?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060140-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 126.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Because combat is the best way to connect with one's Path. Only then can we summon those simulated Aeons. Those guys don't have any special talents, but they are as much a real pain in the butt as the actual gods...
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Does it read my thoughts?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060142-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 127.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Of course! For your safety, I want to ensure that everything you see is manageable. I don't want you to lose your mind in the simulation!
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Simulated Universe rewards...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060145-->
::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 128.ogg}} '''Herta:''' I knew you'd ask about this. Go on.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100060146-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060146-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do I get for testing the Simulated Universe?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060147-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 129.ogg}} '''Herta:''' You can keep all the information you get from the simulated Aeons. Isn't that enough? Some people would sell their firstborn just to see an Aeon! And you will get to speak with THEM face to face!
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I thought you were talking about a financial reward?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060149-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 130.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Oh, well... If you want, I am sure I can arrange something. I have more credits than I know what to do with. But honestly, it's just a bunch of numbers the IPC typed up.
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 131.ogg}} '''Herta:''' I want to give you something more practical and realistic, something that can really help you. So, it may be different from how you imagined...
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060153-->
::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 132.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Simulated Universe...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060136-->
::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 124.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100060137-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060137-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What exactly does it simulate?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060138-->
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 125.ogg}} '''Herta:''' It is a simulation of the entire universe according to Screwllum's design. But right now, only limited locations are open for access in this terminal. It's enough for us. Screwllum likes to design big useless things. He has a whole planet to himself, so he doesn't care about spatial limitations...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why is combat a part of the design?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060140-->
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 126.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Because combat is the best way to connect with one's Path. Only then can we summon those simulated Aeons. Those guys don't have any special talents, but they are as much a real pain in the butt as the actual gods...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Does it read my thoughts?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060142-->
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 127.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Of course! For your safety, I want to ensure that everything you see is manageable. I don't want you to lose your mind in the simulation!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Return}} I still have some questions...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060121-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Simulated Universe project...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060122-->
::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 115.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100060123-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060123-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How is it going to answer the mystery of the Aeons?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060124-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 116.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Oh, in layman's terms, it will simulate the Aeons THEMSELVES. Then we can ask THEM questions.
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 117.ogg}} '''Herta:''' The society has pulled a lot of strings and diverted a lot of resources to make this project happen... The false Aeons we have simulated are connected with real ones, so you can say we have basically created a bunch of powerless mini Aeons.
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 118.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Of course, if you want to get to the nitty-gritty, it's not that simple... This project has encountered plenty of hiccups along the way. It wasn't all smooth sailing.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} You said there are other partners?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060128-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 119.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Well, the project was jointly launched by four members of our society. There's Ruan Mei, a master in the field of creation. She cultivated the protoplasm simulating the Aeons. There's Screwllum, the famous mechanical aristocrat, who is responsible for writing the underlying logic of the program and the algorithm for the galaxy.
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 120.ogg}} '''Herta:''' There's me, Herta, who is responsible for providing the venue, personnel, resources, and adding some interesting systems to the project. There's also Stephen&mdash; oh, um, he wants to keep it a secret, so... forget about him.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you need me?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060131-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 121.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Well, because you're special... You have a Stellaron in your body. You're living the life of a trailblazer, and even Nanook took a glance at you. So the Aeons may be more willing to accept you.
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 122.ogg}} '''Herta:''' You know, the Aeons have no concept of free will at all. THEY think about nothing but the destined Path. So, when we asked THEM questions, THEY simply ignored us, even when Screwllum gave THEM each a simulated personality and maxed out THEIR social tendency stat.
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 123.ogg}} '''Herta:''' So we decided a different approach... with you.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Simulated Universe rewards...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060145-->
::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 128.ogg}} '''Herta:''' I knew you'd ask about this. Go on.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100060146-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060146-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do I get for testing the Simulated Universe?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060147-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 129.ogg}} '''Herta:''' You can keep all the information you get from the simulated Aeons. Isn't that enough? Some people would sell their firstborn just to see an Aeon! And you will get to speak with THEM face to face!
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I thought you were talking about a financial reward?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060149-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 130.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Oh, well... If you want, I am sure I can arrange something. I have more credits than I know what to do with. But honestly, it's just a bunch of numbers the IPC typed up.
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 131.ogg}} '''Herta:''' I want to give you something more practical and realistic, something that can really help you. So, it may be different from how you imagined...
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060153-->
::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 132.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About Simulated Universe rewards...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060145-->
::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 128.ogg}} '''Herta:''' I knew you'd ask about this. Go on.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100060146-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060146-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do I get for testing the Simulated Universe?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060147-->
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 129.ogg}} '''Herta:''' You can keep all the information you get from the simulated Aeons. Isn't that enough? Some people would sell their firstborn just to see an Aeon! And you will get to speak with THEM face to face!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I thought you were talking about a financial reward?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060149-->
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 130.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Oh, well... If you want, I am sure I can arrange something. I have more credits than I know what to do with. But honestly, it's just a bunch of numbers the IPC typed up.
:::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 131.ogg}} '''Herta:''' I want to give you something more practical and realistic, something that can really help you. So, it may be different from how you imagined...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Return}} I still have some questions...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060121-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Simulated Universe project...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060122-->
::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 115.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100060123-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060123-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How is it going to answer the mystery of the Aeons?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060124-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 116.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Oh, in layman's terms, it will simulate the Aeons THEMSELVES. Then we can ask THEM questions.
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 117.ogg}} '''Herta:''' The society has pulled a lot of strings and diverted a lot of resources to make this project happen... The false Aeons we have simulated are connected with real ones, so you can say we have basically created a bunch of powerless mini Aeons.
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 118.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Of course, if you want to get to the nitty-gritty, it's not that simple... This project has encountered plenty of hiccups along the way. It wasn't all smooth sailing.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} You said there are other partners?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060128-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 119.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Well, the project was jointly launched by four members of our society. There's Ruan Mei, a master in the field of creation. She cultivated the protoplasm simulating the Aeons. There's Screwllum, the famous mechanical aristocrat, who is responsible for writing the underlying logic of the program and the algorithm for the galaxy.
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 120.ogg}} '''Herta:''' There's me, Herta, who is responsible for providing the venue, personnel, resources, and adding some interesting systems to the project. There's also Stephen&mdash; oh, um, he wants to keep it a secret, so... forget about him.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you need me?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060131-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 121.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Well, because you're special... You have a Stellaron in your body. You're living the life of a trailblazer, and even Nanook took a glance at you. So the Aeons may be more willing to accept you.
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 122.ogg}} '''Herta:''' You know, the Aeons have no concept of free will at all. THEY think about nothing but the destined Path. So, when we asked THEM questions, THEY simply ignored us, even when Screwllum gave THEM each a simulated personality and maxed out THEIR social tendency stat.
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 123.ogg}} '''Herta:''' So we decided a different approach... with you.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Simulated Universe...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060136-->
::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 124.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100060137-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060137-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What exactly does it simulate?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060138-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 125.ogg}} '''Herta:''' It is a simulation of the entire universe according to Screwllum's design. But right now, only limited locations are open for access in this terminal. It's enough for us. Screwllum likes to design big useless things. He has a whole planet to himself, so he doesn't care about spatial limitations...
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why is combat a part of the design?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060140-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 126.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Because combat is the best way to connect with one's Path. Only then can we summon those simulated Aeons. Those guys don't have any special talents, but they are as much a real pain in the butt as the actual gods...
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Does it read my thoughts?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060142-->
:::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 127.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Of course! For your safety, I want to ensure that everything you see is manageable. I don't want you to lose your mind in the simulation!
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060153-->
::::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 132.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100060153-->
::{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 132.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 800010401,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 800010401,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 800010401: Config/Level/Mission/8000104/Act/Act800010401.json-->
:'''Herta:''' Arcade? Simulated Universes are way more fun.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you curious about what happened?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091304-->
::'''Herta:''' What can it be? I can think with my knees and still know that someone messed up. Is that really a rare occurrence?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This has something to do with the Stellaron Hunters.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091306-->
::'''Herta:''' Oh, those guys. You've piqued my interest.
::'''Herta:''' I'm not surprised at all. They're hackers on a level with Screwllum. This space station's security must be like a kindergarten to them.
::'''Herta:''' If she can invade the first time around, then she can do it a second time &mdash; or even a third time.
::'''Herta:''' I have my own plans for the Stellaron Hunters, so don't worry. When I need you to know, you'll know.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leonard must be taught a lesson.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091311-->
::'''Herta:''' Who?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_800091312-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091312-->
:'''Herta:''' Anyway, if you want to fix a problem, find Asta. If you want to fix a person, find Asta, too.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_800010245-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_800010245-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 100050201,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 100050101,
		"Param2": 3
	}
]
</pre>
:'''Herta:''' Hmph, I haven't completely lost my interest in you. Ask what you gotta ask.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:{{A|VO SideX sys2 herta 132.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 100050201,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 100050101,
		"Param2": 3
	}
]
</pre>
:'''Herta:''' Yep, yep, whatever.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 403000300-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 403000300: Config/Level/Mission/4030003/Act/Act403000300.json-->
::----
::'''Herta:''' The official version of "Simulated Universe"! Forget about the previous beta version. There are lots of changes. Do you want me to give you the patch notes?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just say them out loud to me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403030003-->
:::'''Herta:''' You have zero manners...
:::'''Herta:''' Firstly, Stephen has made significant adjustments to the gameplay loop. According to him, "The challenge goal of each phase is even clearer" &mdash; I don't really get it. Just because I'm a genius doesn't mean I understand gaming &mdash; so whatever he says goes.
:::'''Herta:''' This version offers a higher degree of freedom. You can mix and match your team, choose from a variety of Blessings, and there are even random events to guarantee you a unique experience every time.
:::'''Herta:''' Finally, there's a new mechanic that helps you to better pretend to be Akivili.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll figure it out myself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403030008-->
:::'''Herta:''' Alright, stay curious.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nah, I'm not interested.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403030010-->
:::'''Herta:''' Alright. You'll find out soon enough.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_403000300-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 401011602-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 403000201: Config/Level/Mission/4030002/Act/Act403000201.json-->
::'''Herta:''' I did a pre-upgrade for the Simulated Universe, but you'll have to wait until I can deploy it. Where have you been? I've been waiting for your test report &mdash; get in there, now!
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 800010401-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 800010401: Config/Level/Mission/8000104/Act/Act800010401.json-->
::'''Herta:''' Arcade? Simulated Universes are way more fun.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you curious about what happened?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091304-->
:::'''Herta:''' What can it be? I can think with my knees and still know that someone messed up. Is that really a rare occurrence?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This has something to do with the Stellaron Hunters.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091306-->
:::'''Herta:''' Oh, those guys. You've piqued my interest.
:::'''Herta:''' I'm not surprised at all. They're hackers on a level with Screwllum. This space station's security must be like a kindergarten to them.
:::'''Herta:''' If she can invade the first time around, then she can do it a second time &mdash; or even a third time.
:::'''Herta:''' I have my own plans for the Stellaron Hunters, so don't worry. When I need you to know, you'll know.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leonard must be taught a lesson.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091311-->
:::'''Herta:''' Who?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_800091312-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091312-->
::'''Herta:''' Anyway, if you want to fix a problem, find Asta. If you want to fix a person, find Asta, too.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_800010245-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 403000221-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500002209: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500002209.json-->
::'''Herta:''' Something the matter?
;(Otherwise)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500002208: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500002208.json-->
::'''Herta:''' What's up? I'll only answer questions about the Simulated Universe.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 403000300-->)
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 401011602-->)
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 800010401-->)
;(Otherwise)
::<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200070207-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} You're back.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 herta 111.ogg}} '''Herta:''' Do you not see whose name it is on the desk? Hmph, I can come and go as I wish. Besides, if anyone is going to leave, it definitely won't be me.
:::{{A|VO side0 sw1 herta 112.ogg}} '''Herta:''' What, am I not allowed to come back? I really don't care what you guys do. Just don't pester me.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_200070207-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:;(If {{Mission|Swarm Disaster: Experimental Teaching (I)|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I have some new points of confusion...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 403055320: Config/Level/Mission/8013101/Act/Act403055320.json-->
:::'''Herta:''' Hm?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403055320_10-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403055320_10-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Swarm Disaster...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403055334-->
::::'''Herta:''' What kind of questions do you have?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403055320_13-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403055320_13-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How will I learn of Propagation's secrets?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403055336-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Continue along the Trail of Pathstrider, and walk along the traces already paved by those who came before you, and try your hardest to get closer to the Aeons! Don't worry! Just carry out the Paths in the way you want to.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Return}} I still have some questions...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403055320_10-->
::::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Gold and Gears...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403060248-->
::::::'''Herta:''' What kind of questions do you have?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403060240_21-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403060240_21-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How will I learn of Erudition's secrets?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403060250-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Hmm, good question. Pay close attention to your Intra-Cognition at all times to prevent yourself from becoming a robot or totally losing your rationality. Don't think too much. You'll eventually end up following THEIR calculations anyways.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Unknowable Domain...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_826419002-->
::::::'''Herta:''' What kind of questions do you have?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_826419005_21-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_826419005_21-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How will we solve the Unknowable Domain?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_826419004-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Collect data about the Scholars' Strife and replicate the complete Scepter system. Then, Rubert II's legacy will naturally show us the way.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Will Polka Kakamond come back?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_826419006-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' So long as I walk along the Path of Erudition, I think I'll end up meeting her again one day. I just don't know what she'll do to greet me next time...
:::::::'''Herta:''' Something's off... Why am I looking forward to this?
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011235-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Gold and Gears...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403060248-->
::::'''Herta:''' What kind of questions do you have?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403060240_21-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403060240_21-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How will I learn of Erudition's secrets?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403060250-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Hmm, good question. Pay close attention to your Intra-Cognition at all times to prevent yourself from becoming a robot or totally losing your rationality. Don't think too much. You'll eventually end up following THEIR calculations anyways.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Return}} I still have some questions...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403055320_10-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Swarm Disaster...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403055334-->
::::::'''Herta:''' What kind of questions do you have?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403055320_13-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403055320_13-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How will I learn of Propagation's secrets?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403055336-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Continue along the Trail of Pathstrider, and walk along the traces already paved by those who came before you, and try your hardest to get closer to the Aeons! Don't worry! Just carry out the Paths in the way you want to.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Unknowable Domain...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_826419002-->
::::::'''Herta:''' What kind of questions do you have?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_826419005_21-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_826419005_21-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How will we solve the Unknowable Domain?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_826419004-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Collect data about the Scholars' Strife and replicate the complete Scepter system. Then, Rubert II's legacy will naturally show us the way.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Will Polka Kakamond come back?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_826419006-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' So long as I walk along the Path of Erudition, I think I'll end up meeting her again one day. I just don't know what she'll do to greet me next time...
:::::::'''Herta:''' Something's off... Why am I looking forward to this?
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011235-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Unknowable Domain...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_826419002-->
::::'''Herta:''' What kind of questions do you have?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_826419005_21-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_826419005_21-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How will we solve the Unknowable Domain?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_826419004-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Collect data about the Scholars' Strife and replicate the complete Scepter system. Then, Rubert II's legacy will naturally show us the way.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Will Polka Kakamond come back?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_826419006-->
:::::'''Herta:''' So long as I walk along the Path of Erudition, I think I'll end up meeting her again one day. I just don't know what she'll do to greet me next time...
:::::'''Herta:''' Something's off... Why am I looking forward to this?
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Return}} I still have some questions...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403055320_10-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Swarm Disaster...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403055334-->
::::::'''Herta:''' What kind of questions do you have?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403055320_13-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403055320_13-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How will I learn of Propagation's secrets?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403055336-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Continue along the Trail of Pathstrider, and walk along the traces already paved by those who came before you, and try your hardest to get closer to the Aeons! Don't worry! Just carry out the Paths in the way you want to.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Gold and Gears...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403060248-->
::::::'''Herta:''' What kind of questions do you have?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403060240_21-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403060240_21-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How will I learn of Erudition's secrets?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403060250-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Hmm, good question. Pay close attention to your Intra-Cognition at all times to prevent yourself from becoming a robot or totally losing your rationality. Don't think too much. You'll eventually end up following THEIR calculations anyways.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011235-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011235-->
::::'''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_0-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 403000221--> and {{Mission|Swarm Disaster: Experimental Teaching (I)|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'm still very confused.
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500002207: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500002207.json-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000121_9-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000121_9-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Simulated Universe project...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011203-->
::::'''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000121_12-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000121_12-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How is it going to answer the mystery of the Aeons?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011205-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Oh, in layman's terms, it will simulate the Aeons THEMSELVES. Then we can ask THEM questions.
:::::'''Herta:''' The Society has pulled a lot of strings and diverted a lot of resources to do this... The false Aeons have connected with real Paths, so you can say we have basically created a bunch of powerless mini gods.
:::::'''Herta:''' Of course, if you want to get to the nitty-gritty, it's not that simple... This project has encountered plenty of hiccups along the way. It wasn't all smooth sailing.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} You said there are other collaborators?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011209-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Well, the project was jointly launched by four members of our society. There's Ruan Mei, a master in the field of creation. She cultivated the protoplasm simulating the Aeons. There's Screwllum, the famous mechanical aristocrat, who is responsible for writing the underlying logic of the program and the algorithm for the galaxy.
:::::'''Herta:''' There's me, Herta, who is responsible for providing the venue, personnel, and resources, and adding some interesting systems to the project. There's also Stephen "Weirdo" Lloyd. He wants to keep things a secret, so please don't leak anything.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you need me?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011212-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Well, because you're special... You have a Stellaron in your body. You're living the life of a Trailblazer while also receiving a glance from Nanook. So, the Aeons may be more willing to accept you.
:::::'''Herta:''' You know, the Aeons have no concept of free will at all. THEY think about nothing but the destined Path. So, when we asked THEM questions, THEY simply ignored us, even when Screwllum gave THEM each a simulated personality and maxed out THEIR social tendency stat.
:::::'''Herta:''' So we plan on finding another way by sourcing a special person who can disguise as one of the Aeons. Someone who can get close to THEM. It may be easier for Aeons to communicate directly with Aeons.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Return}} I still have some questions...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000121_9-->
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the content of the Simulated Universe...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011217-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000121_28-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000121_28-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What exactly does it simulate?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011219-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' It is a simulation of the entire universe according to Screwllum's design. But right now, only limited locations are open for access in this terminal. It's enough for us. Screwllum likes to design big useless things. He has a whole planet to himself, so he doesn't care about spatial limitations...
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why is combat a part of the design?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011221-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Because combat is the best way to demonstrate which Path one is likely to walk. We can only summon those simulated Aeons we designed when there's a connection to a Path. Those creatures don't have any special powers, but are as much a real pain in the butt as the actual gods...
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Does it read my thoughts?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011223-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Of course! For your safety, I want to ensure that everything you see is manageable. I don't want you to lose your mind in the simulation!
:::::::'''Herta:''' Good thing is, there're familiar scenes and people inside the Simulated Universe, so you'll never feel lonely.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Aeons...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011227-->
::::::'''Herta:''' I knew you'd ask about this. Go on.
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000121_40-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000121_40-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How can we bait an Aeon to appear?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011229-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' The first piece of bait is you. Pretend to be the Aeon Akivili and see if you can attract a few of their acquaintances. The second piece of bait is the Paths. Based on the combat tendencies you've demonstrated, the corresponding Path should produce a Resonance...
:::::::'''Herta:''' Aeons who follow the same Path will be drawn in.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How can one speak to an Aeon?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011232-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' That's up to you. Aha and Fuli will probably strike up a conversation proactively, while Qlipoth and IX might ignore you. And Nanook, well, they'll probably scorch you to cinders the second they see you...
:::::::'''Herta:''' But it's okay. It can't hurt you &mdash; even if you die in the Simulated Universe, you'll be untouched in reality.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011236-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the content of the Simulated Universe...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011217-->
::::'''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000121_28-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000121_28-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What exactly does it simulate?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011219-->
:::::'''Herta:''' It is a simulation of the entire universe according to Screwllum's design. But right now, only limited locations are open for access in this terminal. It's enough for us. Screwllum likes to design big useless things. He has a whole planet to himself, so he doesn't care about spatial limitations...
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why is combat a part of the design?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011221-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Because combat is the best way to demonstrate which Path one is likely to walk. We can only summon those simulated Aeons we designed when there's a connection to a Path. Those creatures don't have any special powers, but are as much a real pain in the butt as the actual gods...
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Does it read my thoughts?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011223-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Of course! For your safety, I want to ensure that everything you see is manageable. I don't want you to lose your mind in the simulation!
:::::'''Herta:''' Good thing is, there're familiar scenes and people inside the Simulated Universe, so you'll never feel lonely.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Return}} I still have some questions...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000121_9-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Simulated Universe project...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011203-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000121_12-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000121_12-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How is it going to answer the mystery of the Aeons?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011205-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Oh, in layman's terms, it will simulate the Aeons THEMSELVES. Then we can ask THEM questions.
:::::::'''Herta:''' The Society has pulled a lot of strings and diverted a lot of resources to do this... The false Aeons have connected with real Paths, so you can say we have basically created a bunch of powerless mini gods.
:::::::'''Herta:''' Of course, if you want to get to the nitty-gritty, it's not that simple... This project has encountered plenty of hiccups along the way. It wasn't all smooth sailing.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} You said there are other collaborators?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011209-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Well, the project was jointly launched by four members of our society. There's Ruan Mei, a master in the field of creation. She cultivated the protoplasm simulating the Aeons. There's Screwllum, the famous mechanical aristocrat, who is responsible for writing the underlying logic of the program and the algorithm for the galaxy.
:::::::'''Herta:''' There's me, Herta, who is responsible for providing the venue, personnel, and resources, and adding some interesting systems to the project. There's also Stephen "Weirdo" Lloyd. He wants to keep things a secret, so please don't leak anything.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you need me?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011212-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Well, because you're special... You have a Stellaron in your body. You're living the life of a Trailblazer while also receiving a glance from Nanook. So, the Aeons may be more willing to accept you.
:::::::'''Herta:''' You know, the Aeons have no concept of free will at all. THEY think about nothing but the destined Path. So, when we asked THEM questions, THEY simply ignored us, even when Screwllum gave THEM each a simulated personality and maxed out THEIR social tendency stat.
:::::::'''Herta:''' So we plan on finding another way by sourcing a special person who can disguise as one of the Aeons. Someone who can get close to THEM. It may be easier for Aeons to communicate directly with Aeons.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Aeons...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011227-->
::::::'''Herta:''' I knew you'd ask about this. Go on.
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000121_40-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000121_40-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How can we bait an Aeon to appear?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011229-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' The first piece of bait is you. Pretend to be the Aeon Akivili and see if you can attract a few of their acquaintances. The second piece of bait is the Paths. Based on the combat tendencies you've demonstrated, the corresponding Path should produce a Resonance...
:::::::'''Herta:''' Aeons who follow the same Path will be drawn in.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How can one speak to an Aeon?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011232-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' That's up to you. Aha and Fuli will probably strike up a conversation proactively, while Qlipoth and IX might ignore you. And Nanook, well, they'll probably scorch you to cinders the second they see you...
:::::::'''Herta:''' But it's okay. It can't hurt you &mdash; even if you die in the Simulated Universe, you'll be untouched in reality.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011236-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Aeons...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011227-->
::::'''Herta:''' I knew you'd ask about this. Go on.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000121_40-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000121_40-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How can we bait an Aeon to appear?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011229-->
:::::'''Herta:''' The first piece of bait is you. Pretend to be the Aeon Akivili and see if you can attract a few of their acquaintances. The second piece of bait is the Paths. Based on the combat tendencies you've demonstrated, the corresponding Path should produce a Resonance...
:::::'''Herta:''' Aeons who follow the same Path will be drawn in.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How can one speak to an Aeon?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011232-->
:::::'''Herta:''' That's up to you. Aha and Fuli will probably strike up a conversation proactively, while Qlipoth and IX might ignore you. And Nanook, well, they'll probably scorch you to cinders the second they see you...
:::::'''Herta:''' But it's okay. It can't hurt you &mdash; even if you die in the Simulated Universe, you'll be untouched in reality.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Return}} I still have some questions...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000121_9-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Simulated Universe project...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011203-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000121_12-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000121_12-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How is it going to answer the mystery of the Aeons?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011205-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Oh, in layman's terms, it will simulate the Aeons THEMSELVES. Then we can ask THEM questions.
:::::::'''Herta:''' The Society has pulled a lot of strings and diverted a lot of resources to do this... The false Aeons have connected with real Paths, so you can say we have basically created a bunch of powerless mini gods.
:::::::'''Herta:''' Of course, if you want to get to the nitty-gritty, it's not that simple... This project has encountered plenty of hiccups along the way. It wasn't all smooth sailing.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} You said there are other collaborators?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011209-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Well, the project was jointly launched by four members of our society. There's Ruan Mei, a master in the field of creation. She cultivated the protoplasm simulating the Aeons. There's Screwllum, the famous mechanical aristocrat, who is responsible for writing the underlying logic of the program and the algorithm for the galaxy.
:::::::'''Herta:''' There's me, Herta, who is responsible for providing the venue, personnel, and resources, and adding some interesting systems to the project. There's also Stephen "Weirdo" Lloyd. He wants to keep things a secret, so please don't leak anything.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you need me?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011212-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Well, because you're special... You have a Stellaron in your body. You're living the life of a Trailblazer while also receiving a glance from Nanook. So, the Aeons may be more willing to accept you.
:::::::'''Herta:''' You know, the Aeons have no concept of free will at all. THEY think about nothing but the destined Path. So, when we asked THEM questions, THEY simply ignored us, even when Screwllum gave THEM each a simulated personality and maxed out THEIR social tendency stat.
:::::::'''Herta:''' So we plan on finding another way by sourcing a special person who can disguise as one of the Aeons. Someone who can get close to THEM. It may be easier for Aeons to communicate directly with Aeons.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the content of the Simulated Universe...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011217-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000121_28-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000121_28-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What exactly does it simulate?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011219-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' It is a simulation of the entire universe according to Screwllum's design. But right now, only limited locations are open for access in this terminal. It's enough for us. Screwllum likes to design big useless things. He has a whole planet to himself, so he doesn't care about spatial limitations...
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why is combat a part of the design?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011221-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Because combat is the best way to demonstrate which Path one is likely to walk. We can only summon those simulated Aeons we designed when there's a connection to a Path. Those creatures don't have any special powers, but are as much a real pain in the butt as the actual gods...
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Does it read my thoughts?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011223-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Of course! For your safety, I want to ensure that everything you see is manageable. I don't want you to lose your mind in the simulation!
:::::::'''Herta:''' Good thing is, there're familiar scenes and people inside the Simulated Universe, so you'll never feel lonely.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011236-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011236-->
::::'''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_500002207-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 403000221--> and {{Mission|Swarm Disaster: Experimental Teaching (I)|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'm still very confused.
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500002206: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500002206.json-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000120_9-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000120_9-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Simulated Universe project...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011003-->
::::'''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000120_12-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000120_12-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How is it going to answer the mystery of the Aeons?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011005-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Oh, in layman's terms, it will simulate the Aeons THEMSELVES. Then we can ask THEM questions.
:::::'''Herta:''' The Society has pulled a lot of strings and diverted a lot of resources to make this project happen... The false Aeons we have simulated are connected with real Paths, so you can say we have basically created a bunch of powerless mini gods.
:::::'''Herta:''' Of course, if you want to get to the nitty-gritty, it's not that simple... This project has encountered plenty of hiccups along the way. It wasn't all smooth sailing.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} You said there are other collaborators?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011009-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Well, the project was jointly launched by four members of our society. There's Ruan Mei, a master in the field of creation. She cultivated the protoplasm simulating the Aeons. There's Screwllum, the famous mechanical aristocrat, who is responsible for writing the underlying logic of the program and the algorithm for the galaxy.
:::::'''Herta:''' There's me, Herta, who is responsible for providing the venue, personnel, resources, and adding some interesting systems to the project. There's also Stephen&mdash; oh, um, he wants to keep it a secret, so... forget about him.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you need me?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011012-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Well, because you're special... You have a Stellaron in your body. You're living the life of a Trailblazer while also receiving a glance from Nanook. So, the Aeons may be more willing to accept you.
:::::'''Herta:''' You know, the Aeons have no concept of free will at all. THEY think about nothing but the destined Path. So, when we asked THEM questions, THEY simply ignored us, even when Screwllum gave THEM each a simulated personality and maxed out THEIR social tendency stat.
:::::'''Herta:''' So, we decided on a different approach... with you.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Return}} I still have some questions...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000120_9-->
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the content of the Simulated Universe...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011017-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000120_28-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000120_28-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What exactly does it simulate?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011019-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' It is a simulation of the entire universe according to Screwllum's design. But right now, only limited locations are open for access in this terminal. It's enough for us. Screwllum likes to design big useless things. He has a whole planet to himself, so he doesn't care about spatial limitations...
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why is combat a part of the design?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011021-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Because combat is the best way to demonstrate which Path one is likely to walk. We can only summon those simulated Aeons we designed when there's a connection to a Path. Those creatures don't have any special powers, but are as much a real pain in the butt as the actual gods...
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Does it read my thoughts?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011023-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Of course! For your safety, I want to ensure that everything you see is manageable. I don't want you to lose your mind in the simulation!
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Simulated Universe rewards...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011026-->
::::::'''Herta:''' I knew you'd ask about this. Go on.
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000120_39-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000120_39-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do I get for testing the Simulated Universe?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011028-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' You can keep all the information you get from the simulated Aeons. Isn't that enough? Some people would sell their firstborn just to see an Aeon! And you will get to speak with THEM face to face!
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I thought you were talking about a financial reward?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011030-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Oh, well... If you want, I am sure I can arrange something. I have more credits than I know what to do with. But honestly, it's just a bunch of numbers the IPC typed up.
:::::::'''Herta:''' I want to give you something more practical and realistic, something that can really help you. So, it may be different from how you imagined...
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011034-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the content of the Simulated Universe...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011017-->
::::'''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000120_28-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000120_28-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What exactly does it simulate?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011019-->
:::::'''Herta:''' It is a simulation of the entire universe according to Screwllum's design. But right now, only limited locations are open for access in this terminal. It's enough for us. Screwllum likes to design big useless things. He has a whole planet to himself, so he doesn't care about spatial limitations...
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why is combat a part of the design?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011021-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Because combat is the best way to demonstrate which Path one is likely to walk. We can only summon those simulated Aeons we designed when there's a connection to a Path. Those creatures don't have any special powers, but are as much a real pain in the butt as the actual gods...
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Does it read my thoughts?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011023-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Of course! For your safety, I want to ensure that everything you see is manageable. I don't want you to lose your mind in the simulation!
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Return}} I still have some questions...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000120_9-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Simulated Universe project...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011003-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000120_12-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000120_12-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How is it going to answer the mystery of the Aeons?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011005-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Oh, in layman's terms, it will simulate the Aeons THEMSELVES. Then we can ask THEM questions.
:::::::'''Herta:''' The Society has pulled a lot of strings and diverted a lot of resources to make this project happen... The false Aeons we have simulated are connected with real Paths, so you can say we have basically created a bunch of powerless mini gods.
:::::::'''Herta:''' Of course, if you want to get to the nitty-gritty, it's not that simple... This project has encountered plenty of hiccups along the way. It wasn't all smooth sailing.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} You said there are other collaborators?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011009-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Well, the project was jointly launched by four members of our society. There's Ruan Mei, a master in the field of creation. She cultivated the protoplasm simulating the Aeons. There's Screwllum, the famous mechanical aristocrat, who is responsible for writing the underlying logic of the program and the algorithm for the galaxy.
:::::::'''Herta:''' There's me, Herta, who is responsible for providing the venue, personnel, resources, and adding some interesting systems to the project. There's also Stephen&mdash; oh, um, he wants to keep it a secret, so... forget about him.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you need me?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011012-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Well, because you're special... You have a Stellaron in your body. You're living the life of a Trailblazer while also receiving a glance from Nanook. So, the Aeons may be more willing to accept you.
:::::::'''Herta:''' You know, the Aeons have no concept of free will at all. THEY think about nothing but the destined Path. So, when we asked THEM questions, THEY simply ignored us, even when Screwllum gave THEM each a simulated personality and maxed out THEIR social tendency stat.
:::::::'''Herta:''' So, we decided on a different approach... with you.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Simulated Universe rewards...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011026-->
::::::'''Herta:''' I knew you'd ask about this. Go on.
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000120_39-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000120_39-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do I get for testing the Simulated Universe?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011028-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' You can keep all the information you get from the simulated Aeons. Isn't that enough? Some people would sell their firstborn just to see an Aeon! And you will get to speak with THEM face to face!
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I thought you were talking about a financial reward?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011030-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Oh, well... If you want, I am sure I can arrange something. I have more credits than I know what to do with. But honestly, it's just a bunch of numbers the IPC typed up.
:::::::'''Herta:''' I want to give you something more practical and realistic, something that can really help you. So, it may be different from how you imagined...
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011034-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Simulated Universe rewards...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011026-->
::::'''Herta:''' I knew you'd ask about this. Go on.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000120_39-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000120_39-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do I get for testing the Simulated Universe?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011028-->
:::::'''Herta:''' You can keep all the information you get from the simulated Aeons. Isn't that enough? Some people would sell their firstborn just to see an Aeon! And you will get to speak with THEM face to face!
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} I thought you were talking about a financial reward?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011030-->
:::::'''Herta:''' Oh, well... If you want, I am sure I can arrange something. I have more credits than I know what to do with. But honestly, it's just a bunch of numbers the IPC typed up.
:::::'''Herta:''' I want to give you something more practical and realistic, something that can really help you. So, it may be different from how you imagined...
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Return}} I still have some questions...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000120_9-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Simulated Universe project...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011003-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000120_12-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000120_12-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How is it going to answer the mystery of the Aeons?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011005-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Oh, in layman's terms, it will simulate the Aeons THEMSELVES. Then we can ask THEM questions.
:::::::'''Herta:''' The Society has pulled a lot of strings and diverted a lot of resources to make this project happen... The false Aeons we have simulated are connected with real Paths, so you can say we have basically created a bunch of powerless mini gods.
:::::::'''Herta:''' Of course, if you want to get to the nitty-gritty, it's not that simple... This project has encountered plenty of hiccups along the way. It wasn't all smooth sailing.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} You said there are other collaborators?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011009-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Well, the project was jointly launched by four members of our society. There's Ruan Mei, a master in the field of creation. She cultivated the protoplasm simulating the Aeons. There's Screwllum, the famous mechanical aristocrat, who is responsible for writing the underlying logic of the program and the algorithm for the galaxy.
:::::::'''Herta:''' There's me, Herta, who is responsible for providing the venue, personnel, resources, and adding some interesting systems to the project. There's also Stephen&mdash; oh, um, he wants to keep it a secret, so... forget about him.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you need me?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011012-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Well, because you're special... You have a Stellaron in your body. You're living the life of a Trailblazer while also receiving a glance from Nanook. So, the Aeons may be more willing to accept you.
:::::::'''Herta:''' You know, the Aeons have no concept of free will at all. THEY think about nothing but the destined Path. So, when we asked THEM questions, THEY simply ignored us, even when Screwllum gave THEM each a simulated personality and maxed out THEIR social tendency stat.
:::::::'''Herta:''' So, we decided on a different approach... with you.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the content of the Simulated Universe...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011017-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Got some questions?
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_403000120_28-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_403000120_28-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What exactly does it simulate?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011019-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' It is a simulation of the entire universe according to Screwllum's design. But right now, only limited locations are open for access in this terminal. It's enough for us. Screwllum likes to design big useless things. He has a whole planet to himself, so he doesn't care about spatial limitations...
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why is combat a part of the design?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011021-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Because combat is the best way to demonstrate which Path one is likely to walk. We can only summon those simulated Aeons we designed when there's a connection to a Path. Those creatures don't have any special powers, but are as much a real pain in the butt as the actual gods...
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Does it read my thoughts?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011023-->
:::::::'''Herta:''' Of course! For your safety, I want to ensure that everything you see is manageable. I don't want you to lose your mind in the simulation!
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011034-->
::::::'''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_403011034-->
::::'''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_500002206-->
:;(If {{Mission|Swarm Disaster: Experimental Teaching (I)|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you soon.
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500002210: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500002210.json-->
:::'''Herta:''' Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_500002210-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Herta
|zhs  = 黑塔
|zht  = 黑塔
|ja   = ヘルタ
|ko   = 헤르타
|es   = Herta
|fr   = Herta
|ru   = Герта
|th   = Herta
|vi   = Herta
|de   = Herta
|id   = Herta
|pt   = Herta
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}