<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Chunfen#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Vidyadhara Girl
|image           = NPC Chunfen.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Central Starskiff Haven
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Chunfen''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Central Starskiff Haven]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Central Starskiff Haven|npc_20_400010}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Chunfen:''' Okay okay~ my favorite thing to do is casual chats with people!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502011802_36-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502011802_36-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing now?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118103-->
::'''Chunfen:''' Traveling! Ling Jie's reincarnation journal still has so many once-in-a-lifetime trips to experience... and thinking things through, will one lifetime be enough to see them all? I'm worried it won't be!
::'''Chunfen:''' ...Hmmm, now that I think about it, did Ling Jie really experience all of these things? I'm not really too sure.
::'''Chunfen:''' Forget about it, I shouldn't think so much about this kind of stuff.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you singing?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118107-->
::'''Chunfen:''' The song I was just singing? It's a Vidyadhara elegy called ''Dragontooth Tales''~ The story is about a high elder, and even though I don't quite understand what the lyrics mean, I know it's quite a mournful song.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} And high elders are...?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118109-->
:::'''Chunfen:''' Don't ask a kid such a difficult question!
:::'''Chunfen:''' High elders are... well... they're high, and they're elders! It's probably better to go and ask a grown-up.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502011802_36-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing now?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118103-->
::::'''Chunfen:''' Traveling! Ling Jie's reincarnation journal still has so many once-in-a-lifetime trips to experience... and thinking things through, will one lifetime be enough to see them all? I'm worried it won't be!
::::'''Chunfen:''' ...Hmmm, now that I think about it, did Ling Jie really experience all of these things? I'm not really too sure.
::::'''Chunfen:''' Forget about it, I shouldn't think so much about this kind of stuff.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are Vidyadhara elegies?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118113-->
::::'''Chunfen:''' Oh... check this out.
::::'''Chunfen:''' "Vidyadhara elegies are the traditional music of the Vidyadhara people. Originating from their folk songs, the style is generally that of mournful dirges."
::::'''Chunfen:''' That's what Ling Jie wrote down for me in her notebook. I can tell that she really loved these Vidyadhara elegies.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} This Ling Jie &mdash; was that you in a past life?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118117-->
::::'''Chunfen:''' Oh! Ling Jie wrote that Outworlders don't really understand the Vidyadhara's hatching rebirth, so let me explain everything to you!
::::'''Chunfen:''' The Vidyadhara has a fixed lifespan, and every few hundred years we revert to an egg so that we can be reborn. However, after the rebirth, none of our memories from the previous life is retained.
::::'''Chunfen:''' So Ling Jie and I are actually two people. Ling Jie is Ling Jie, and I am me!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all from me. You have fun!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::'''Chunfen:''' Yeah! Wait until I've practiced my Vidyadhara elegies some more, and I'll sing it even better for {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}} next time!
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are Vidyadhara elegies?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118113-->
::'''Chunfen:''' Oh... check this out.
::'''Chunfen:''' "Vidyadhara elegies are the traditional music of the Vidyadhara people. Originating from their folk songs, the style is generally that of mournful dirges."
::'''Chunfen:''' That's what Ling Jie wrote down for me in her notebook. I can tell that she really loved these Vidyadhara elegies.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} This Ling Jie &mdash; was that you in a past life?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118117-->
::'''Chunfen:''' Oh! Ling Jie wrote that Outworlders don't really understand the Vidyadhara's hatching rebirth, so let me explain everything to you!
::'''Chunfen:''' The Vidyadhara has a fixed lifespan, and every few hundred years we revert to an egg so that we can be reborn. However, after the rebirth, none of our memories from the previous life is retained.
::'''Chunfen:''' So Ling Jie and I are actually two people. Ling Jie is Ling Jie, and I am me!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all from me. You have fun!
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::'''Chunfen:''' Yeah! Wait until I've practiced my Vidyadhara elegies some more, and I'll sing it even better for {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}} next time!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Chunfen:''' Yeah! Wait until I've practiced my Vidyadhara elegies some more, and I'll sing it even better for {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}} next time!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Chunfen:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Sir}}! I've been practicing that elegy you heard last time. Does it sound better now?
:'''Chunfen:''' Lalala~ ahem... "Dragons and demons, through thick and thin. Six hundred years, of dreaming within~"
:'''Chunfen:''' Well? What do you think?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah, it sounds better!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118305-->
::'''Chunfen:''' Thank you {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}}! I think it sounds better, too~
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hmm, nah. Sounds the same to me.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118307-->
::'''Chunfen:''' Oh... {{MC|f=Miss|m=Sir}} is simply brutal! I've made big strides.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502118308-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118308-->
:'''Chunfen:''' ...sorry, I'm just talking to myself. {{MC|f=Miss|m=Sir}}, what can I help you with?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000063: Config/Level/NPC/W2/NPC_DefaultStory_502011801.json-->
::'''Chunfen:''' "Dragons and demons, through thick and thin. Six hundred years, of dreaming within~"
::'''Chunfen:''' Hey, {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}}! How do you not make a sound while walking!? You scared me half to death!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your voice is beautiful.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118004-->
:::'''Chunfen:''' Really? Thank you! Ling Jie wrote down stacks of songs in her notebook, and I've been so curious that I started practicing my singing.
:::'''Chunfen:''' I might not sing as well as Ling Jie, but singing makes me happy &mdash; so I've got no complaints at all!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118007-->
:::'''Chunfen:''' That's okay! But next time, don't sneak up on me like that &mdash; you freaked me out. Ling Jie's notebook says that she used to be famous, but lots of bad guys harbored ill intentions toward her. So please, be really careful out there...
:::'''Chunfen:''' Oh, sorry &mdash; I didn't mean it like that! I meant to say, {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}} is one of the good guys. It says so in the notebook: Adults who apologize to kids must be good people.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502118121-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118121-->
::'''Chunfen:''' Ling Jie wrote a lot of life tips out for me in her notebook, like how to play it cool when freaked out and pretend that you'd been expecting that... Unfortunately, I've never been able to pull it off successfully.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502011801_18-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502011801_18-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who's Ling Jie?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118010-->
:::'''Chunfen:''' Ling Jie was my past life. People tell me that she was a cheery person with a rich and varied life. Before she molted and became an egg, she left this notebook for me as a present.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You took someone else's notebook?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118013-->
:::'''Chunfen:''' Ling Jie was my past life, so she's not really "someone else"... Besides, this notebook was especially gifted to me as a present.
::'''Chunfen:''' There's a crop of advice inside this notebook, each one described as "a once-in-a-lifetime experience" or "super recommended"... and I don't wanna miss out on any one of them.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502118015-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118015-->
::'''Chunfen:''' In the notebook, she hopes that I can live a good life, just like her. So I treat this notebook like a kind of travel guide as I try to experience "a good life"!
::'''Chunfen:''' Enough of that, though. {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}}, what can I help you with?
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000064: Config/Level/NPC/W2/NPC_DefaultStory_502011804.json-->
::'''Chunfen:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Sir}}! I've been practicing that elegy you heard last time. Does it sound better now?
::'''Chunfen:''' Lalala~ ahem... "Dragons and demons, through thick and thin. Six hundred years, of dreaming within~"
::'''Chunfen:''' Well? What do you think?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah, it sounds better!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118305-->
:::'''Chunfen:''' Thank you {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}}! I think it sounds better, too~
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hmm, nah. Sounds the same to me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118307-->
:::'''Chunfen:''' Oh... {{MC|f=Miss|m=Sir}} is simply brutal! I've made big strides.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502118308-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118308-->
::'''Chunfen:''' ...sorry, I'm just talking to myself. {{MC|f=Miss|m=Sir}}, what can I help you with?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404026003-->)
:{{DIcon|?}} Excuse me. What do you know about guqin music?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404026003: Config/Level/Mission/4040260/Act/Act404026003.json-->
::'''Chunfen:''' I'm sorry. I'm learning the Vidyadhara Elegies right now, but I can't say I know much...
::'''Chunfen:''' I think there's a musician over in the Exalting Sanctum who plays the chimes. I bet she could help you.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404026003-->
:{{DIcon}} It's just a casual chat.
::'''Chunfen:''' Okay okay~ my favorite thing to do is casual chats with people!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502011802_36-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502011802_36-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing now?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118103-->
:::'''Chunfen:''' Traveling! Ling Jie's reincarnation journal still has so many once-in-a-lifetime trips to experience... and thinking things through, will one lifetime be enough to see them all? I'm worried it won't be!
:::'''Chunfen:''' ...Hmmm, now that I think about it, did Ling Jie really experience all of these things? I'm not really too sure.
:::'''Chunfen:''' Forget about it, I shouldn't think so much about this kind of stuff.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you singing?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118107-->
:::'''Chunfen:''' The song I was just singing? It's a Vidyadhara elegy called ''Dragontooth Tales''~ The story is about a high elder, and even though I don't quite understand what the lyrics mean, I know it's quite a mournful song.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} And high elders are...?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118109-->
::::'''Chunfen:''' Don't ask a kid such a difficult question!
::::'''Chunfen:''' High elders are... well... they're high, and they're elders! It's probably better to go and ask a grown-up.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I see.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502011802_36-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing now?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118103-->
:::::'''Chunfen:''' Traveling! Ling Jie's reincarnation journal still has so many once-in-a-lifetime trips to experience... and thinking things through, will one lifetime be enough to see them all? I'm worried it won't be!
:::::'''Chunfen:''' ...Hmmm, now that I think about it, did Ling Jie really experience all of these things? I'm not really too sure.
:::::'''Chunfen:''' Forget about it, I shouldn't think so much about this kind of stuff.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are Vidyadhara elegies?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118113-->
:::::'''Chunfen:''' Oh... check this out.
:::::'''Chunfen:''' "Vidyadhara elegies are the traditional music of the Vidyadhara people. Originating from their folk songs, the style is generally that of mournful dirges."
:::::'''Chunfen:''' That's what Ling Jie wrote down for me in her notebook. I can tell that she really loved these Vidyadhara elegies.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} This Ling Jie &mdash; was that you in a past life?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118117-->
:::::'''Chunfen:''' Oh! Ling Jie wrote that Outworlders don't really understand the Vidyadhara's hatching rebirth, so let me explain everything to you!
:::::'''Chunfen:''' The Vidyadhara has a fixed lifespan, and every few hundred years we revert to an egg so that we can be reborn. However, after the rebirth, none of our memories from the previous life is retained.
:::::'''Chunfen:''' So Ling Jie and I are actually two people. Ling Jie is Ling Jie, and I am me!
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all from me. You have fun!
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::'''Chunfen:''' Yeah! Wait until I've practiced my Vidyadhara elegies some more, and I'll sing it even better for {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}} next time!
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are Vidyadhara elegies?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118113-->
:::'''Chunfen:''' Oh... check this out.
:::'''Chunfen:''' "Vidyadhara elegies are the traditional music of the Vidyadhara people. Originating from their folk songs, the style is generally that of mournful dirges."
:::'''Chunfen:''' That's what Ling Jie wrote down for me in her notebook. I can tell that she really loved these Vidyadhara elegies.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} This Ling Jie &mdash; was that you in a past life?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502118117-->
:::'''Chunfen:''' Oh! Ling Jie wrote that Outworlders don't really understand the Vidyadhara's hatching rebirth, so let me explain everything to you!
:::'''Chunfen:''' The Vidyadhara has a fixed lifespan, and every few hundred years we revert to an egg so that we can be reborn. However, after the rebirth, none of our memories from the previous life is retained.
:::'''Chunfen:''' So Ling Jie and I are actually two people. Ling Jie is Ling Jie, and I am me!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all from me. You have fun!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::'''Chunfen:''' Yeah! Wait until I've practiced my Vidyadhara elegies some more, and I'll sing it even better for {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}} next time!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'm good. You have fun!
::'''Chunfen:''' Yeah! Wait until I've practiced my Vidyadhara elegies some more, and I'll sing it even better for {{MC|f=miss|m=sir}} next time!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Chunfen
|zhs  = 春分
|zht  = 春分
|ja   = 春分
|ko   = 춘분
|es   = Chunfen
|fr   = Chunfen
|ru   = Чуньфэнь
|th   = Chunfen
|vi   = Chunfen
|de   = Chunfen
|id   = Chunfen
|pt   = Chunfen
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}