<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dongsheng#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Teenage Elixir Seeker
|image           = NPC Dongsheng.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Central Starskiff Haven
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Dongsheng''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Central Starskiff Haven]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Central Starskiff Haven|npc_22_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Dongsheng:''' Sure! {{MC|f=Big sister|m=Big brother}}, what do you wish to talk about?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502011302_392-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502011302_392-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me about this celestial lady.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113103-->
::'''Dongsheng:''' The celestial lady? I grew up with her stories as bedtime tales! It's a long story...
::'''Dongsheng:''' Our village is next to a place called Redspring Peak. Our lives were really hard. We'd go an entire year without eating a single chicken drumstick.
::'''Dongsheng:''' We were some backwater village. The only thing we did was plant crops that don't get enough water to grow, or hunt for hares and rats to keep ourselves fed.
::'''Dongsheng:''' On top of this tough life, we also have demons rampaging in the mountain. It's like rubbing salt in the wound. It made life really really difficult.
::'''Dongsheng:''' Legends say that long before I was born, the northernmost star in the sky suddenly shone so brightly that it turned night into day.
::'''Dongsheng:''' Some older villagers who knew about the stars said a constellation was about to descend to rid of evil. And then, five or six years later, an egg suddenly fell from the sky!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} An egg?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113109-->
:::'''Dongsheng:''' The story said it was an egg, so it must've been an egg. This egg cracked open, and out came a beautiful lady.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502113112-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113112-->
:::'''Dongsheng:''' Laiwang said his great-grandfather's great-grandfather was hunting in the woods that day and was the first to see the scene. The egg cut out a ravine on the mountain that extended a few dozen miles, and the whole forest caught on fire.
:::'''Dongsheng:''' Everyone thought the celestial lady was beautiful and nice, but there was something wrong with her head. When she first arrived, she couldn't even talk in a complete sentence. The most well-read elder gave her a name...
:::'''Dongsheng:''' ...Eggborn. Then one day, the celestial lady suddenly began to speak like a human. She said, "you can call me Mufang." Everyone was afraid of offending a celestial, so they called her "Goddess Mufang" instead.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The celestial lady?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113111-->
:::'''Dongsheng:''' Yes. This egg cracked open and out popped a beautiful lady.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502113112-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113112-->
:::'''Dongsheng:''' Laiwang said his great-grandfather's great-grandfather was hunting in the woods that day and was the first to see the scene. The egg cut out a ravine on the mountain that extended a few dozen miles, and the whole forest caught on fire.
:::'''Dongsheng:''' Everyone thought the celestial lady was beautiful and nice, but there was something wrong with her head. When she first arrived, she couldn't even talk in a complete sentence. The most well-read elder gave her a name...
:::'''Dongsheng:''' ...Eggborn. Then one day, the celestial lady suddenly began to speak like a human. She said, "you can call me Mufang." Everyone was afraid of offending a celestial, so they called her "Goddess Mufang" instead.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How did you get to Xianzhou?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113110-->
::'''Dongsheng:''' Xianzhou? You mean the Celestial Hall?
::'''Dongsheng:''' I was cutting wood in the mountains one day when I saw a giant ship. Not the type that floats on water, but... but one that floats in air like a feather. It floated towards the temple we built for the celestial lady.
::'''Dongsheng:''' I thought it must be other celestials here to take her back! So I ran and ran, and saw that the ship had landed, and there was a hole at the bottom.
::'''Dongsheng:''' It's weird &mdash; {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}, how can a ship still sail with a hole in it? Anyway, I climbed in and fell asleep. The next thing I knew, I was here at the Celestial Hall!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502113118-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113118-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How could you even have fallen asleep?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113122-->
:::'''Dongsheng:''' I was tired from all that running.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502113123-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113123-->
:::'''Dongsheng:''' And then, some celestial soldiers in armor discovered me. They gave me a poke with some needle, and I could suddenly understand celestial speech.
:::'''Dongsheng:''' They asked me a few questions, and then dressed me in new clothes. Heehee, these clothes have no holes or patches on them. So pretty...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your life is truly intertwined with the celestials...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113124-->
:::'''Dongsheng:''' Heehee, isn't that right? My Ma even said that fortune favors me because I have a giant forehead!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502113123-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113123-->
:::'''Dongsheng:''' And then, some celestial soldiers in armor discovered me. They gave me a poke with some needle, and I could suddenly understand celestial speech.
:::'''Dongsheng:''' They asked me a few questions, and then dressed me in new clothes. Heehee, these clothes have no holes or patches on them. So pretty...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How do you take care of yourself here?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113115-->
::'''Dongsheng:''' I'm young, but I've lived through plenty of droughts and floods! I'm so awesome that I can go for three straight days without food!
::'''Dongsheng:''' But thanks to the kind celestials in this Celestial Hall, I have food and a place to live. That storyteller mister at Sleepless Earl gives me money for listening to my stories. He's so good!
::'''Dongsheng:''' Don't worry, {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}. I heard that one day in heaven is a year on land. Time is running out. I'll go home once I find the celestial lady and get celestial medicine from her.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I have nothing else to ask.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113119-->
::Bye-bye! I need to keep searching for the celestial lady. {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}, your dreams will certainly come true as well in Xianzhou!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_502011309)
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502011309-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Dongsheng:''' Bye-bye! I need to keep searching for the celestial lady. {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}, your dreams will certainly come true as well in Xianzhou!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Dongsheng:''' {{MC|f=Big sister|m=Big brother}}, we meet again! What can I do for you this time?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000075: Config/Level/NPC/W2/NPC_DefaultStory_502011301.json-->
::'''Dongsheng:''' {{MC|f=Big sister|m=Big brother}}, are you a celestial too? Why do you look different from the rest of them?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't think I am...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113003-->
:::'''Dongsheng:''' Huh? You're not a celestial? Then you must be seeking celestials, just like I am?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Other celestials?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113005-->
:::'''Dongsheng:''' Yes, this is the Novenus Empyrea, where all celestials reside! Huh? {{MC|f=Big sister|m=Big brother}}, you're not a celestial? Then you must be seeking celestials, just like I am?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm a celestial too!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113007-->
:::'''Dongsheng:''' Really? Forgive my dullness, but {{MC|f=big sister|m=big brother}}, you don't exude that celestial air...
:::'''Dongsheng:''' You look so different from the celestial men and women here. I just can't see {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}} as a celestial.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502113008-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113008-->
::'''Dongsheng:''' Ooh, I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Dongsheng. I followed a celestial lady here. But... she doesn't know that.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502011301_376-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502011301_376-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is this celestial lady?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113010-->
:::'''Dongsheng:''' She is... a lady who is both heavenly and celestial.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's not be superstitious!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113012-->
:::'''Dongsheng:''' She's not some old wives' tale! Everyone knows who she is where I'm from! I even saw her using celestial magic to save my entire village!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502113013-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502113013-->
::'''Dongsheng:''' The older folks in the village say there are nine layers of heaven, with a palace at the very top where the eternally youthful celestials live. I thought it was just a fairy tale, but it's actually true!
::'''Dongsheng:''' I want to become a celestial too, but Dad said only those who have reached the pinnacle of cultivation may enter the Celestial Hall, drink osmanthus wine, and feast on chicken drumsticks with the gods!
::'''Dongsheng:''' I don't know what cultivation is, so I thought I'd never get the chance to eat chicken drumsticks, but here I am at the Celestial Hall!
::'''Dongsheng:''' It's just that I haven't found the celestial lady since I arrived, and that makes me sad. {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}, is there anything else you want to ask?
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000076: Config/Level/NPC/W2/NPC_DefaultStory_502011304.json-->
::'''Dongsheng:''' {{MC|f=Big sister|m=Big brother}}, we meet again! What can I do for you this time?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I have nothing else to ask.
::'''Dongsheng:''' Bye-bye! I need to keep searching for the celestial lady. {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}, your dreams will certainly come true as well in Xianzhou!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Dongsheng
|zhs  = 冬生
|zht  = 冬生
|ja   = 冬生
|ko   = 동식
|es   = Dongsheng
|fr   = Dongsheng
|ru   = Дуншэн
|th   = Dongsheng
|vi   = Dongsheng
|de   = Dongsheng
|id   = Dongsheng
|pt   = Dongsheng
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}