<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Mufang#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Imprisoned Criminal
|image           = NPC Mufang.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Central Starskiff Haven
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Mufang''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Central Starskiff Haven]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Central Starskiff Haven|npc_22_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Mufang:''' Sure, I know you Outworlders are always curious.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502010902_310-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502010902_310-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to hear your stories of other worlds.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109103-->
::'''Mufang:''' ...Ahem, I've had many encounters these past centuries. Whether they are interesting is for you to decide.
::'''Mufang:''' Back when I just fled from Xianzhou, I chose a civilization that was not even a millennium young. To evade the Cloud Knights' queries, I drove the smallest escape sheath I could find to descend on the surface.
::'''Mufang:''' Gosh, I'll never do such a dumb thing ever again. The escape sheath almost crashed into a village full of people.
::'''Mufang:''' I had to force a landing from the orbit, an experience I bet no one would ever wish to have twice. I was almost smashed to bits when I landed. If I were a short-life species, I'd definitely have been killed on the spot... Good thing us Xianzhou physiques are quite tough.
::'''Mufang:''' Mmm, the villagers brought me back to their village. The Synesthesia Beacon had been dislodged from my synapses, so it wasn't until a long time after my recovery that I could finally understand their language.
::'''Mufang:''' They believed I was a celestial fallen from the skies, and when they called me a "goddess," it felt like fair reward for my ordeal.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why did you flee Xianzhou?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109110-->
::'''Mufang:''' I was a measly alchemist at the Alchemy Commission, mediocre at both research and medicine. Those more capable than me had already made their marks several centuries ago and climbed the ranks...
::'''Mufang:''' In a place like Xianzhou where nothing changes, how would I ever get the chance to succeed?
::'''Mufang:''' There were plenty of individuals like me on Xianzhou, laboring away at mindless jobs. Centuries would fly by in the blink of an eye, then you just wait for the Ten-Lords commission's spiritfarers to claim you before you get mara-struck. I don't want any of that!
::'''Mufang:''' I then recalled those novels I used to read about reincarnating into a king of some alien world and such. The protagonist would always be a bum in their previous life, but become all-powerful when reincarnated. I truly envied their lives.
::'''Mufang:''' So I thought of something &mdash; I was a terrible alchemist on Xianzhou, but if I lived in another world, with my trusty jade abaci and talent in medicine, would I still be mediocre?
::'''Mufang:''' And that's why I found a world so desolate that nobody even visited it on the astral charts, and took the chance to steal away...
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Have you really committed a serious crime?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109116-->
::'''Mufang:''' I haven't committed a major crime, have I? It's been over three months and it's still not even my turn for the Ten-Lords Commission's investigation. It's obvious that my misdeed was insignificant.
::'''Mufang:''' In hindsight, all I did was make a few animals talk, teach the locals how to plant modified startaros, and cured a few diabetics &mdash; though they still ended up killing themselves with primitive alchemical practices...
::'''Mufang:''' All in all, I technically didn't even do anything!
::'''Mufang:''' That's right! I'm not some hardened criminal. I just want to pursue my own happiness! If I could live out the good life on Xianzhou, who would even think of slumming it in some lowly civilization?
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why would a prisoner be here?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109121-->
::'''Mufang:''' Actually, I've already been interrogated multiple times already... Have you ever heard of Xianzhou saying "one-too-many"? That was how they described my crimes &mdash; "great disparity before and after my crimes." They have yet to finish processing my misdeeds.
::'''Mufang:''' Something happened in Xianzhou during this time as well, resulting in a processing delay in my case.
::'''Mufang:''' Anyways, I can only come to Starskiff Haven for a breather under the Cloud Knights' supervision. When it's time for lock-up, I'll still be escorted back by the Ten-Lords Commission.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} We should stop here. The Cloud Knights are starting to glare.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109125-->
::'''Mufang:''' Oh... so they are. You should hurry up and go, or you'll end up in the Ten-Lords Commission too, haha.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Mufang:''' Oh... so they are. You should hurry up and go, or you'll end up in the Ten-Lords Commission too, haha.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Mufang:''' Why're you here again?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why haven't you left?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109303-->
::'''Mufang:''' I'm puzzled too. Why aren't the Ten-Lords spiritfarers here yet?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I thought you left...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109305-->
::'''Mufang:''' Thank goodness I'm still here. The Ten-Lords spiritfarers haven't come for me.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502109306-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109306-->
:'''Mufang:''' So... is something the matter? Or do you simply wish to chat with your honored celestial... I mean, me? Hurry up then. You know I don't have much time left.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000073: Config/Level/NPC/W2/NPC_DefaultStory_502010901.json-->
::'''Mufang:''' *sigh* As a celestial, all I wish for is a refreshing, exciting life. How did it end up this way...
::'''Mufang:''' Hm? I was overheard... How embarrassing. I... Ahem, who... who's eavesdropping on my monologue?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It is me!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109004-->
:::'''Mufang:''' I haven't returned to Xianzhou for some years. Do eavesdroppers now have no shame?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Celestial?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109006-->
:::'''Mufang:''' It was a slip of the tongue. Please do not remind me.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502109007-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109007-->
::'''Mufang:''' We should lower our voices. The guards over there don't want me to be chatting with others... I'm nothing but a lowly criminal now.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502010901_287-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502010901_287-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What crime did you commit?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're a convict!?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109010-->
::'''Mufang:''' Shh! I already told you to lower your voice! It's nothing something I'm proud of anyway.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502109011-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109011-->
::'''Mufang:''' I stole away from Xianzhou and lived for a few centuries in the otherworlds. I was recently captured by the Cloud Knights.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502010901_293-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502010901_293-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it such a serious offense, running off to other worlds?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I bet you absconded without a passport!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109014-->
::'''Mufang:''' If only the world was as naive as you.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502109015-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109015-->
::'''Mufang:''' On Xianzhou, leaving for other worlds without the Sky-Faring Commission's permission is a serious crime. It may be hard for you Outworlders to wrap your heads around, but you've heard of the Denizens of Abundance, right?
::'''Mufang:''' Blessed by Abundance, they are allied armies of other long-life species who engage in wanton pillaging and reproduction. They have destroyed and transformed many worlds.
::'''Mufang:''' Xianzhou forbids the propagation of the Abominations of Abundance, and laid down strict laws to restrain the long-life species' behavior.
::'''Mufang:''' So you wish to chat a while longer? It's not like I've got anything else to do around here, besides waiting.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000074: Config/Level/NPC/W2/NPC_DefaultStory_502010904.json-->
::'''Mufang:''' Why're you here again?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why haven't you left?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109303-->
:::'''Mufang:''' I'm puzzled too. Why aren't the Ten-Lords spiritfarers here yet?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I thought you left...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109305-->
:::'''Mufang:''' Thank goodness I'm still here. The Ten-Lords spiritfarers haven't come for me.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502109306-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502109306-->
::'''Mufang:''' So... is something the matter? Or do you simply wish to chat with your honored celestial... I mean, me? Hurry up then. You know I don't have much time left.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} We should stop here. The Cloud Knights are starting to glare.
::'''Mufang:''' Oh... so they are. You should hurry up and go, or you'll end up in the Ten-Lords Commission too, haha.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Mufang
|zhs  = 沐芳
|zht  = 沐芳
|ja   = 沐芳
|ko   = 목향
|es   = Mufang
|fr   = Mufang
|ru   = Муфан
|th   = Mufang
|vi   = Mufang
|de   = Mufang
|id   = Mufang
|pt   = Mufang
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}