<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Qingyue#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Iridescent Parlor Owner
|image           = NPC Qingyue.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Central Starskiff Haven
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Qingyue''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Central Starskiff Haven]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Central Starskiff Haven|npc_21_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 102050116,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 102050116,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 101.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' Apologies, you've come at a bad time. Our shop is closing earlier than usual today...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you see a foxian girl pass by here?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102051804-->
::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 102.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' A foxian girl? Well, our bracelets and pendants are extremely popular among foxian customers...
::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 103 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 103 f.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' ...and I'm sure this pretty young lady won't want to miss out on our Verdant Luna selection. Please, try anything you like...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It couldn't hurt...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102051807-->
:::{{A|VO chapter2 2 mar7th 117 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter2 2 mar7th 117 f.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hey, (Trailblazer), remember what we're here for?
:::{{A|VO chapter2 2 mar7th 118.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' We were just wondering if you could help us find somebody...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_102051810-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, we were just wondering if you could help us find somebody...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102051810-->
::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 104.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' *sigh* I knew it, nobody has time for jewelry in these trying times... A foxian girl you say? Let me think...
::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 105.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' I did just see Miss Tingyun walk by. She's a big patron of ours...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Show Tingyun's photo.)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102051813-->
::{{A|VO chapter2 2 mar7th 119.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Have you seen this lady?
::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 106.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' Well that's Miss Tingyun! She's a big patron of our shop.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_102051815-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102051815-->
:{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 107.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' May I ask why you're looking for her? Surely she...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're her guests...
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102051817-->
:{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 108.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' I should've guessed from your attire &mdash; you look like you're from another world.
:{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 109.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' Miss Tingyun sometimes takes intergalactic business delegates on tours around Starskiff Haven... In fact, I just saw her walk by, she was heading down the street.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Qingyue:''' Alright babe, what else would you like to ask?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502010202_52-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502010202_52-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What actually is a jade abacus then?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102103-->
::'''Qingyue:''' Darling, to help you understand this as an Outworlder, you can think of a jade abacus as a kind of jade computer unique to Xianzhou.
::'''Qingyue:''' Every jade abacus contains a precise and meticulous engraved circuit and uses that to process complex calculations &mdash; just like the superconductor circuit boards common in your world.
::'''Qingyue:''' After the Jade Decipher Workshop from the Artisanship Commission developed their Standards for Manufacture of Civilian-Purpose Jade Abaci, various brands have sprung onto the market &mdash; but I still recommend the Auspicious as the best of the lot.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You also uploading videos online?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102107-->
::'''Qingyue:''' Haha, all the hottest shopkeepers are making videos these days. Only old antique dealers leave things up to luck, desperate for passers-by to notice them...
::'''Qingyue:''' Besides, these are adverts for my store. People like my videos, trust my products, and then come into the store to buy a jade abacus... that's how the video economy works.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I never expected jade jewelry to be so popular...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102110-->
::'''Qingyue:''' Babe, please forgive me for speaking so frankly. It's not that jade jewelry is so popular here. It's just that Outworlders have an antiquated understanding of jadeware.
::'''Qingyue:''' Here aboard Xianzhou, these jade items are not just beautiful stones.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I sense that you're a real fiend for tech...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102113-->
::'''Qingyue:''' Ah, there aren't many people these days who can keep up with my sense of fashion. People around me are all out-of-touch. I often think that out of the masses of people who passes Starskiff Haven, only I understand how powerful the new Auspicious' algorithm is...
::'''Qingyue:''' You know, everyone aboard Xianzhou looks really young at first glance, but as soon as they open their mouths to speak, you instantly realize just how moldy they are from the inside out. Tsk, I can't stand it.
::'''Qingyue:''' On Xianzhou, aging has nothing to do with your age. If your mind is old, then you truly are old.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll consider it.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102117-->
::'''Qingyue:''' Have a good think about it, sweetie. You're welcome back, any time.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Qingyue:''' Have a good think about it, sweetie. You're welcome back, any time.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Qingyue:''' Hahaha. Alright, just link up with the Luofu internet and search for "The Iridescent Parlor Talks Jade." You'll find some very detailed videos I've uploaded that review the Auspicious XV.
:'''Qingyue:''' If you're ready to make a decision now, darling, I've got a test unit set up here too.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000067: Config/Level/NPC/W2/NPC_DefaultStory_502010201.json-->
::'''Qingyue:''' Babe, are you picking out a jade abacus for yourself, or as a gift? My recommendation is the latest model: The Auspicious XV. Wanna take a look?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Tell me about it.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102003-->
:::'''Qingyue:''' I can tell you are an expert, sweetie. There's no need to pick anything with the Auspicious XV. Just close your eyes and get the latest model.
:::'''Qingyue:''' Come then. Let me tell you a bit about it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there anything I can actually afford?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102006-->
:::'''Qingyue:''' Babe, you need to be willing to invest in this. You know what they say, "Never buy an old jade abacus" &mdash; they put out new models all the time.
:::'''Qingyue:''' O-ho, I hear what you're trying to say. You're not that familiar with jade abaci, are you? Let me give you some tips.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Isn't this a jade jewelry store?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102009-->
:::'''Qingyue:''' Hahaha, this is a common misunderstanding by Outworlders. "Living jade engraved with symbols for divination into the unknown" means computational programs are carved on our jade.
:::'''Qingyue:''' Let me put it this way: Xianzhou's jade abacus is basically an Outworlders' computer terminal. Can you understand it that way? It's okay if you don't understand. I'll give you another rundown, sweetheart.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502102011-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102011-->
::'''Qingyue:''' This model, the Auspicious XV, uses the latest color scheme of mutton suet white and is smooth and creamy to the touch. Mutton suet white is the best way to show people that you're the owner of a brand-new jade abacus.
::'''Qingyue:''' Compared to the previous flagship product, the Auspicious XIV, this product's specs are higher by a whopping twenty percent, and can match your vision to automatically take images...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Get straight to the point.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102014-->
::'''Qingyue:''' Put simply, babe, if you're buying your first jade abacus or upgrading to a new one to experience the latest in cutting-edge tech, then the Auspicious XV is a great choice.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502102029-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102029-->
::{{A|VO vo ambient w2 greeting qingyue 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w2 greeting qingyue 102.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' Hahaha. Alright, just link up with the Luofu internet and search for "The Iridescent Parlor Talks Jade." You'll find some very detailed videos I've uploaded that review the Auspicious XV.
::'''Qingyue:''' How about it? Do you wanna try it out first, sweetie?
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000068: Config/Level/NPC/W2/NPC_DefaultStory_502010204.json-->
::'''Qingyue:''' Hahaha. Alright, just link up with the Luofu internet and search for "The Iridescent Parlor Talks Jade." You'll find some very detailed videos I've uploaded that review the Auspicious XV.
::'''Qingyue:''' If you're ready to make a decision now, darling, I've got a test unit set up here too.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202090128-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I'd like to buy the latest jade abacus model.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 202090135: Config/Level/Mission/2020901/Act/Act202090135.json-->
::----
::'''Qingyue:''' Darling, do you mean the Auspicious XV? I'll get one for you right away.
::'''Cong:''' I&mdash;I've asked her to meet me at the Starskiff Haven. She seems to have something to tell me too. I must succeed this time.
::'''Gloomy Poet:''' ...I have a bad feeling about this.
::'''Cong:''' Don't jinx it.
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202090135-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 102050116-->)
:{{DIcon}} The Hound Chases the Fox
::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 101.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' Apologies, you've come at a bad time. Our shop is closing earlier than usual today...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you see a foxian girl pass by here?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102051804-->
:::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 102.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' A foxian girl? Well, our bracelets and pendants are extremely popular among foxian customers...
:::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 103 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 103 f.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' ...and I'm sure this pretty young lady won't want to miss out on our Verdant Luna selection. Please, try anything you like...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It couldn't hurt...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102051807-->
::::{{A|VO chapter2 2 mar7th 117 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter2 2 mar7th 117 f.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Hey, (Trailblazer), remember what we're here for?
::::{{A|VO chapter2 2 mar7th 118.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' We were just wondering if you could help us find somebody...
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_102051810-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, we were just wondering if you could help us find somebody...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102051810-->
:::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 104.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' *sigh* I knew it, nobody has time for jewelry in these trying times... A foxian girl you say? Let me think...
:::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 105.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' I did just see Miss Tingyun walk by. She's a big patron of ours...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Show Tingyun's photo.)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102051813-->
:::{{A|VO chapter2 2 mar7th 119.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Have you seen this lady?
:::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 106.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' Well that's Miss Tingyun! She's a big patron of our shop.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_102051815-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102051815-->
::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 107.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' May I ask why you're looking for her? Surely she...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're her guests...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_102051817-->
::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 108.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' I should've guessed from your attire &mdash; you look like you're from another world.
::{{A|VO chapter2 2 qingyue 109.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' Miss Tingyun sometimes takes intergalactic business delegates on tours around Starskiff Haven... In fact, I just saw her walk by, she was heading down the street.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has been completed and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 102050116-->)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I can't believe the Ambrosial Arbor is growing...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000126: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act90000126.json-->
::'''Qingyue:''' Exactly! But I'm afraid that's old news, darling. According to the latest official update, the Ambrosial Arbor has already stopped growing.
::'''Qingyue:''' Dear, you seem very interested in the Ambrosial Arbor. Do you want to observe it, but worried that getting too close might be dangerous? Well, I'd advise that you take a look at our Auspicious XV+, sweetie.
::'''Qingyue:''' The Auspicious XV+ comes with the latest Reica micro-particle impact lens that can produce clearer images from greater distances and allow you to even easily observe the sky.
::'''Qingyue:''' What do you think, honey? How about buying one and using it to enjoy the marvelous view of the Ambrosial Arbor from a safe distance?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't think I need it...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102407-->
::'''Qingyue:''' Sure thing, dear. Just talk to me if you need anything else.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_90000126-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 102050116-->)
:{{DIcon}} I've still got some questions.
::'''Qingyue:''' Alright babe, what else would you like to ask?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502010202_52-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502010202_52-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What actually is a jade abacus then?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102103-->
:::'''Qingyue:''' Darling, to help you understand this as an Outworlder, you can think of a jade abacus as a kind of jade computer unique to Xianzhou.
:::'''Qingyue:''' Every jade abacus contains a precise and meticulous engraved circuit and uses that to process complex calculations &mdash; just like the superconductor circuit boards common in your world.
:::'''Qingyue:''' After the Jade Decipher Workshop from the Artisanship Commission developed their Standards for Manufacture of Civilian-Purpose Jade Abaci, various brands have sprung onto the market &mdash; but I still recommend the Auspicious as the best of the lot.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You also uploading videos online?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102107-->
:::'''Qingyue:''' Haha, all the hottest shopkeepers are making videos these days. Only old antique dealers leave things up to luck, desperate for passers-by to notice them...
:::'''Qingyue:''' Besides, these are adverts for my store. People like my videos, trust my products, and then come into the store to buy a jade abacus... that's how the video economy works.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I never expected jade jewelry to be so popular...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102110-->
:::'''Qingyue:''' Babe, please forgive me for speaking so frankly. It's not that jade jewelry is so popular here. It's just that Outworlders have an antiquated understanding of jadeware.
:::'''Qingyue:''' Here aboard Xianzhou, these jade items are not just beautiful stones.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I sense that you're a real fiend for tech...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102113-->
:::'''Qingyue:''' Ah, there aren't many people these days who can keep up with my sense of fashion. People around me are all out-of-touch. I often think that out of the masses of people who passes Starskiff Haven, only I understand how powerful the new Auspicious' algorithm is...
:::'''Qingyue:''' You know, everyone aboard Xianzhou looks really young at first glance, but as soon as they open their mouths to speak, you instantly realize just how moldy they are from the inside out. Tsk, I can't stand it.
:::'''Qingyue:''' On Xianzhou, aging has nothing to do with your age. If your mind is old, then you truly are old.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll consider it.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102117-->
:::'''Qingyue:''' Have a good think about it, sweetie. You're welcome back, any time.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 102050116-->)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll consider it.
::'''Qingyue:''' Have a good think about it, sweetie. You're welcome back, any time.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_502102016)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102016-->
::'''Qingyue:''' It looks like you've already made a decision, babe, so let me keep it short: If you're buying your first jade abacus or upgrading to a new one to experience the latest in cutting-edge tech, then the Auspicious XV is a great choice.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502102029-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102029-->
::{{A|VO vo ambient w2 greeting qingyue 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w2 greeting qingyue 102.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' Hahaha. Alright, just link up with the Luofu internet and search for "The Iridescent Parlor Talks Jade." You'll find some very detailed videos I've uploaded that review the Auspicious XV.
::'''Qingyue:''' How about it? Do you wanna try it out first, sweetie?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_502102018)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102018-->
::'''Qingyue:''' Alright, then I'll talk about its self-adaptive jade opacity. Most jade abaci on the market currently use their engraved circuit in an all-or-nothing manner, where the entire circuit gets activated for every function.
::'''Qingyue:''' But before each calculation begins, the Auspicious XV will use resources to evaluate the upcoming tasks. It will only activate parts of the engraved circuit, thereby improving the efficiency of multi-thread operations.
::'''Qingyue:''' I can see you're starting to get a bit confused here, babe. If you're buying your first jade abacus or upgrading to a new one to experience the latest in cutting-edge tech, then the Auspicious XV is a great choice.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502102029-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102029-->
::{{A|VO vo ambient w2 greeting qingyue 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w2 greeting qingyue 102.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' Hahaha. Alright, just link up with the Luofu internet and search for "The Iridescent Parlor Talks Jade." You'll find some very detailed videos I've uploaded that review the Auspicious XV.
::'''Qingyue:''' How about it? Do you wanna try it out first, sweetie?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_502102022)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102022-->
::'''Qingyue:''' I'm not sure what you mean, sweetie... You can only find a jade abacus for sale in Xianzhou. Don't just accuse us of plagiarism...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You may not have seen our tech before...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102024-->
:::'''Qingyue:''' That's such an Outworlder thing to say, honey. I understand a thing or two about your tech.
:::'''Qingyue:''' However, once you use a jade abacus, you'll get what I mean, cutie pie. "Just a bit expensive, but extremely useful."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A jade abacus is far superior tech compared to anything outside of Xianzhou.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102027-->
:::'''Qingyue:''' Honey, I'm not exaggerating here. Despite all the different techs in this cosmos, only Xianzhou's jade abacus integrates aesthetics with humanistic considerations. It's got that down pat.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502102028-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102028-->
::'''Qingyue:''' I can tell you're very interested in this, babe. If you're buying your first jade abacus or upgrading to a new one to experience the latest in cutting-edge tech, then the Auspicious XV is a great choice.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502102029-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502102029-->
::{{A|VO vo ambient w2 greeting qingyue 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w2 greeting qingyue 102.ogg}} '''Qingyue:''' Hahaha. Alright, just link up with the Luofu internet and search for "The Iridescent Parlor Talks Jade." You'll find some very detailed videos I've uploaded that review the Auspicious XV.
::'''Qingyue:''' How about it? Do you wanna try it out first, sweetie?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Qingyue
|zhs  = 清越
|zht  = 清越
|ja   = 清越
|ko   = 청월
|es   = Qingyue
|fr   = Qingyue
|ru   = Цинъюэ
|th   = Qingyue
|vi   = Qingyue
|de   = Qingyue
|id   = Qingyue
|pt   = Qingyue
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}