<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Resentful Cycrane#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Resentful Cycrane.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Central Starskiff Haven
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Resentful Cycrane''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Central Starskiff Haven]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Central Starskiff Haven|npc_94_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404020701: Config/Level/Mission/4040207/Act/Act404020701.json-->
:'''Resentful Cycrane:''' Hey, are you looking for me?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm just passing by, so nope &mdash; not looking for you actually.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020704-->
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' I don't believe you. If you weren't here to find me, why even are we talking right now, then? Quit being cute, I know Ziqiao sent you here to bring me back, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ziqiao sent me to get you back.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020706-->
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' I knew it. I knew you were looking for me. I've been waiting for a while.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404020707-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020707-->
:'''Resentful Cycrane:''' You'll have to take on my challenge if you're trying to convince me to return.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How cliché.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020709-->
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' What does cliché mean? Do you never need to eat ever again after having one meal? Other cycranes put you through a challenge, so why can't I?
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' I am definitely giving you a difficult one today.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well then, what is your challenge?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020712-->
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' You seem calm, like you're not even complaining... That's a surprise.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404020713-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020713-->
:'''Resentful Cycrane:''' After gaining self-awareness, I didn't leave Heron Express immediately... I kept doing courier work for a long time, but after a while I came to realize... You humans are weird!
:'''Resentful Cycrane:''' All those addresses that don't even exist! All those contact details that can't actually reach anyone! Those who deliberately write addresses located in dangerous areas! It's simply unforgivable!
:'''Resentful Cycrane:''' ...Because we're cycranes, see, so you just chuck all kinds of problems our way. Why should we come to you instead of the other way around? Is it just because you're organic?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What else?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020717-->
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' Hmph! Just for your tone of voice, I'll definitely make things difficult for you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sorry...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020719-->
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' ...You can't weasel your way out of this one, unless you send General Jing Yuan himself to apologize.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Cut the chit-chat, and get to the challenge.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020721-->
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' You're even less patient than I am. Let me tell you then.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404020722-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020722-->
:'''Resentful Cycrane:''' My challenge is simple: "Courier Delivery." I'll be the recipient, and you'll be the courier!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh em gee, what's this?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020724-->
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' ...This will be the last time you'll be laughing at this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it Hide-and-Seek? Then let's go!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020726-->
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' Hide-and-Seek? Yes, this is Hide-and-Seek.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404020727-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020727-->
:'''Resentful Cycrane:''' I'll give you a map of a location, and if you can find me, then you win.
;(Screen fades to black)
:You can see that although this cycrane tries to look snooty and dignified in front of you, its silhouette shows a rather ignoble figure.
:You cannot help but think that maybe what it wanted wasn't to stump you &mdash; but your acknowledgment.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Forty eight.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Forty nine.
:'''(Trailblazer):''' Fifty. It should be hidden by now.
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 404020701_Finish-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}