<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Resentful Cycrane#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Resentful Cycrane.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Central Starskiff Haven
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Resentful Cycrane''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Central Starskiff Haven]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Central Starskiff Haven|npc_94_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404020702: Config/Level/Mission/4040207/Act/Act404020702.json-->
----
:'''Resentful Cycrane:''' Ha, you've finally found me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You went off the map, buddy!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020735-->
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' Oh, did I? I used to think the shipping addresses you organics filled in were accurate too.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It was no real effort.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020737-->
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' C'mon, you can admit it.
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' When I couldn't find an address, I used to think the ones you organics filled in were accurate too.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404020739-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020739-->
:'''Resentful Cycrane:''' I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, "This thing broke the rules. It's just trying to annoy me."
:'''Resentful Cycrane:''' That's right, and you've figured out my real purpose here &mdash; to let you organic things feel the pain that we do.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I found you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020742-->
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' You didn't quit, and ended up finding me... If you were a cycrane, you'd be a conscientious but tormented one.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've already gotten a taste of your pain.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020744-->
::'''Resentful Cycrane:''' This was just one time. What pain could you have felt... Then again, once is better than none...
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404020745-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020745-->
:'''Resentful Cycrane:''' There's no point in messing with you anymore... The vacation is over. I'll be going back to Heron Express.
:'''Resentful Cycrane:''' Seeing you run all over the place makes me feel a little better, but also kinda guilty... Here's something for you. Take it, and may we meet again.
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowFuncBtn",
	"Show": false,
	"ItemID": 140067,
	"CDDuration": 2
}</pre>
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 404020702_Finish-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}