<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Salesby#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Grocery Stand
|image           = NPC Salesby.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Central Starskiff Haven
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Salesby''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Central Starskiff Haven]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Central Starskiff Haven|npc_25_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Salesby:''' Everything. We've got whatever you need.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.VerifyInteractingEntity",
	"GroupID": 25,
	"ConfigID": 400001
}</pre>
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowShop",
	"ShopType": 12,
	"TaskID": []
}</pre>
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Salesby:''' Mm... of course. After you're done, please take a look and buy something.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502012303_633-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502012303_633-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is it really the "last three days"?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502123203-->
::'''Salesby:''' Err... you're not here to cause trouble, are you? I've been yelling "last three days" in this spot for years. No one really cares if it's true.
::'''Salesby:''' You understand that too; it's just a sales tactic. Everything's going cheap anyway, and you'll get a great deal. Why does it matter if it's really the "last three days"?
::'''Salesby:''' Don't worry though. I don't yell this tagline if the Realm-Keeping Commission's around. They say it's "false advertising." I'm not looking for trouble, I know better than that.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is business good?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502123207-->
::'''Salesby:''' Thanks to you, business has been rather decent.
::'''Salesby:''' More and more Outworlders come to Xianzhou these days, which of course is a good sign for stalls selling knick-knacks like ours.
::'''Salesby:''' I don't sell Elixir of Immortality here, but I've got long-lived cultural knickknacks. They sell well with Outworlders.
::'''Salesby:''' These cultural ornaments aren't expensive, and they make great souvenirs. Who wouldn't like 'em?
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I should stop bothering you now.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502123212-->
::'''Salesby:''' Do come back again when my next batch of goods arrives.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Salesby:''' Do come back again when my next batch of goods arrives.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Salesby:''' Last three days! Get yours now, whilst stocks last.
:'''Salesby:''' Such a golden opportunity doesn't come every day. Get it while it's hot! The more you buy, the greater your discount!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000079: Config/Level/NPC/W2/NPC_DefaultStory_502012301.json-->
::'''Salesby:''' Come take a peek, and don't miss out! Your loss if you don't buy, no loss if you do!
::'''Salesby:''' Last three days! Everything's got to go! Grab them while they last!
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000080: Config/Level/NPC/W2/NPC_DefaultStory_502012305.json-->
::'''Salesby:''' Last three days! Get yours now, whilst stocks last.
::'''Salesby:''' Such a golden opportunity doesn't come every day. Get it while it's hot! The more you buy, the greater your discount!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202090126-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I'd like to order a plaque that reads "Genius Diviner."
::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 202090133: Config/Level/Mission/2020901/Act/Act202090133.json-->
::----
::'''Salesby:''' As long as you can afford it, I can even make one that reads "The Unparalleled Diviner, Supreme of the Universe."
::'''Cong:''' I&mdash;I've asked her to meet me at the Starskiff Haven. She seems to have something to tell me too. I must succeed this time.
::'''Gloomy Poet:''' ...I have a bad feeling about this.
::'''Cong:''' Don't jinx it.
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202090133-->
:{{DIcon|Shop}} What's good around here?
::'''Salesby:''' Everything. We've got whatever you need.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.VerifyInteractingEntity",
	"GroupID": 25,
	"ConfigID": 400001
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowShop",
	"ShopType": 12,
	"TaskID": []
}</pre>
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to chat with you.
::'''Salesby:''' Mm... of course. After you're done, please take a look and buy something.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502012303_633-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502012303_633-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is it really the "last three days"?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502123203-->
:::'''Salesby:''' Err... you're not here to cause trouble, are you? I've been yelling "last three days" in this spot for years. No one really cares if it's true.
:::'''Salesby:''' You understand that too; it's just a sales tactic. Everything's going cheap anyway, and you'll get a great deal. Why does it matter if it's really the "last three days"?
:::'''Salesby:''' Don't worry though. I don't yell this tagline if the Realm-Keeping Commission's around. They say it's "false advertising." I'm not looking for trouble, I know better than that.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is business good?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502123207-->
:::'''Salesby:''' Thanks to you, business has been rather decent.
:::'''Salesby:''' More and more Outworlders come to Xianzhou these days, which of course is a good sign for stalls selling knick-knacks like ours.
:::'''Salesby:''' I don't sell Elixir of Immortality here, but I've got long-lived cultural knickknacks. They sell well with Outworlders.
:::'''Salesby:''' These cultural ornaments aren't expensive, and they make great souvenirs. Who wouldn't like 'em?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I should stop bothering you now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502123212-->
:::'''Salesby:''' Do come back again when my next batch of goods arrives.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I should stop bothering you now.
::'''Salesby:''' Do come back again when my next batch of goods arrives.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Salesby
|zhs  = 货全
|zht  = 貨全
|ja   = 貨全
|ko   = 만물
|es   = Ofertio
|fr   = Ventout
|ru   = Продаван
|th   = Salesby
|vi   = Hàng Luôn Đủ
|de   = Weltallkauf
|id   = Salesby
|pt   = Saldoval
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}