<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Abraham#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Former Security Staff
|image           = NPC Abraham.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Base Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Abraham''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Base Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Base Zone|npc_49_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010113_649-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010113_649-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why didn't you leave?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011017-->
::'''Abraham:''' Where can I find absolute safety if I leave? It's a no-brainer.
::'''Abraham:''' The answer is, no matter where you go, no place is absolutely safe!
::'''Abraham:''' Besides, I don't think there's any other place in the universe safer than here.
::'''Abraham:''' Sigh. At the end of the day, I stayed because I don't really have a choice...
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How did the invasion affect your life?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011022-->
::'''Abraham:''' In fact, I haven't had a good sleep for many days.
::'''Abraham:''' And... I always feel like a crack might suddenly appear next to me. And those monsters will slowly emerge out of the crack...
::'''Abraham:''' Ahhh, this is really terrible! I don't know how long it will take before I can get this out of my head!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your take on the recovery construction?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011026-->
::'''Abraham:''' I remember Lead Researcher Asta has organized the relevant departments to work on the recovery and establishment of safe zones, right?
::'''Abraham:''' However... Other than looking towards the future, there is still a lot to be done.
::'''Abraham:''' People who've lost their lives in this disaster... Some of them didn't even have an intact nameplate left behind...
::'''Abraham:''' Who will remember them? And who is going to mourn them?
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011031-->
::'''Abraham:''' In short, please be careful. The way things are right now, anything can happen.
::'''Abraham:''' Sigh. Life is unpredictable. Who knows if this will be the last time we meet?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Abraham:''' We meet again. You are still alive and I am still breathing. How rare is that!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:'''Abraham:''' *sigh* Life is unpredictable. Who knows if this will be the last time we meet?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000093: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500001001.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500011002-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011002-->
::'''Abraham:''' Better be careful, shouldn't go over there... well... not there either.
::'''Abraham:''' According to the guide, remnants of the Legion have been spotted in these areas...
::'''Abraham:''' So the safest way to go...
::'''Abraham:''' Go all the way around?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010113_635-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010113_635-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you need help?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011007-->
:::'''Abraham:''' Oh, no, it's fine. I can do it on my own.
:::'''Abraham:''' I just need to submit some documents. I'll be fine... I just need to walk a bit further.
:::'''Abraham:''' Don't say I didn't warn you. The station hasn't been cleared of Remnants of the Legion yet, there's still danger lurking around every corner.
:::'''Abraham:''' For your own safety, you'd better not go to remote places!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You look anxious.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011012-->
:::'''Abraham:''' After such a disaster, who can be happy? Am I right?
:::'''Abraham:''' Whenever I close my eyes, I can feel those twisted enemies appear in front of me...
:::'''Abraham:''' How can I not be worried? How can I not be scared?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010113_646-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010113_646-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000094: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500001000.json-->
::'''Abraham:''' We meet again. You are still alive and I am still breathing. How rare is that!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I've got something to ask you.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010113_649-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010113_649-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why didn't you leave?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011017-->
:::'''Abraham:''' Where can I find absolute safety if I leave? It's a no-brainer.
:::'''Abraham:''' The answer is, no matter where you go, no place is absolutely safe!
:::'''Abraham:''' Besides, I don't think there's any other place in the universe safer than here.
:::'''Abraham:''' Sigh. At the end of the day, I stayed because I don't really have a choice...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How did the invasion affect your life?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011022-->
:::'''Abraham:''' In fact, I haven't had a good sleep for many days.
:::'''Abraham:''' And... I always feel like a crack might suddenly appear next to me. And those monsters will slowly emerge out of the crack...
:::'''Abraham:''' Ahhh, this is really terrible! I don't know how long it will take before I can get this out of my head!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your take on the recovery construction?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011026-->
:::'''Abraham:''' I remember Lead Researcher Asta has organized the relevant departments to work on the recovery and establishment of safe zones, right?
:::'''Abraham:''' However... Other than looking towards the future, there is still a lot to be done.
:::'''Abraham:''' People who've lost their lives in this disaster... Some of them didn't even have an intact nameplate left behind...
:::'''Abraham:''' Who will remember them? And who is going to mourn them?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011031-->
:::'''Abraham:''' In short, please be careful. The way things are right now, anything can happen.
:::'''Abraham:''' Sigh. Life is unpredictable. Who knows if this will be the last time we meet?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::'''Abraham:''' *sigh* Life is unpredictable. Who knows if this will be the last time we meet?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Abraham
|zhs  = 亚伯拉罕
|zht  = 亞伯拉罕
|ja   = エイブラハム
|ko   = 아브라함
|es   = Abraham
|fr   = Abraham
|ru   = Авраам
|th   = Abraham
|vi   = Abraham
|de   = Abraham
|id   = Abraham
|pt   = Abraham
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}