<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Leonard#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Maintenance Staff
|image           = NPC Leonard.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Base Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Leonard''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Base Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Base Zone|npc_58_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 800010203,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 800010203,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 800010203: Config/Level/Mission/8000102/Act/Act800010203.json-->
:'''Leonard:''' This computer I have here. Take a look at it and you'll see what I mean.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_800010218-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 800010205,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 800010205,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 800010205: Config/Level/Mission/8000102/Act/Act800010205.json-->
:'''Leonard:''' What do you think? Do you understand what's going on now?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Piece of cake.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800090404-->
::'''Leonard:''' Um. After all, as she'd put it: This is like a tutorial.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hard as diamonds.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800090406-->
::'''Leonard:''' Uh... really? That's okay. According to her, it's a multiplayer game. With everyone working together, we'll find a way...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's like playing a game.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800090408-->
::'''Leonard:''' To be precise, we are the ones playing a game... Even though we don't know what the creator's intentions are.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_800090409-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800090409-->
:'''Leonard:''' It's just as you've seen... One massive taunt. She's developed a game for the entire space station, turning the monitoring room into an arcade.
:'''Leonard:''' What's her purpose? Buying more time... Or a misdirection? I don't know, who even understands the motivations of a hacker...
:'''Leonard:''' Anyway, I'll just be cooped up in here trying to fix this problem. Give it a go just like she said if you're interested. Maybe you can beat the game? Gawd, another error!?
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_800010225-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 800010203
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 800010205
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 800010203-->)
:{{DIcon}} Under development. Stay tuned!
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 800010203: Config/Level/Mission/8000102/Act/Act800010203.json-->
::'''Leonard:''' This computer I have here. Take a look at it and you'll see what I mean.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_800010218-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 800010205--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 800010203-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Under development. Stay tuned!
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 800010205: Config/Level/Mission/8000102/Act/Act800010205.json-->
::'''Leonard:''' What do you think? Do you understand what's going on now?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Piece of cake.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800090404-->
:::'''Leonard:''' Um. After all, as she'd put it: This is like a tutorial.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hard as diamonds.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800090406-->
:::'''Leonard:''' Uh... really? That's okay. According to her, it's a multiplayer game. With everyone working together, we'll find a way...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's like playing a game.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800090408-->
:::'''Leonard:''' To be precise, we are the ones playing a game... Even though we don't know what the creator's intentions are.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_800090409-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800090409-->
::'''Leonard:''' It's just as you've seen... One massive taunt. She's developed a game for the entire space station, turning the monitoring room into an arcade.
::'''Leonard:''' What's her purpose? Buying more time... Or a misdirection? I don't know, who even understands the motivations of a hacker...
::'''Leonard:''' Anyway, I'll just be cooped up in here trying to fix this problem. Give it a go just like she said if you're interested. Maybe you can beat the game? Gawd, another error!?
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_800010225-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Maintenance Engineer
|zhs  = 维修工程师
|zht  = 維修工程師
|ja   = メンテナンスエンジニア
|ko   = 수리 엔지니어
|es   = Ingeniero de mantenimiento
|fr   = Ingénieur de maintenance
|ru   = Инженер по техническому обслуживанию
|th   = วิศวกรซ่อมบำรุง
|vi   = Kỹ Sư Sửa Chữa
|de   = Wartungstechniker
|id   = Insinyur Pemeliharaan
|pt   = Engenheiro de Manutenção
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}