<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Brave Cycrane#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Brave Cycrane.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Stargazer Navalia
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Brave Cycrane''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Stargazer Navalia]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Stargazer Navalia|npc_99_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404020601: Config/Level/Mission/4040206/Act/Act404020601.json-->
----
:'''Brave Cycrane:''' Step back! Human, this is not your battle!
:Standing before you is a valiant, fearless cycrane, wings spread wide open as though defending its clutch as it defends you behind it.
:And standing before this cycrane is a repulsive Entranced Ingenium. Affected by the Ambrosial Arbor, it turned into a malevolent monster... Luckily, you've already defeated countless enemies like this one before.
:But, this time it's different.
:Perhaps it's just like what this cycrane said, "this is not your battle." Before allowing a brave warrior to charge into a risky battle, its cause should first be ascertained.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who are you?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020621-->
::'''Brave Cycrane:''' Hmph, I'm just an express cycrane that happened to be passing by, is all.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Stop, stop fighting for me!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020623-->
::'''Brave Cycrane:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}, don't flatter yourself. I may be someone with conscience in battle, but that disgusting ingenium over there does not.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who do you think you're talking to?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020625-->
::'''Brave Cycrane:''' Hmph, stop acting brave. Just watch me from the back. I'll dedicate this battle to you.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404020626-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020626-->
:Joking aside, you shouldn't make a joke out of life. As you know, this cycrane courier is not designed to withstand an attack from the Entranced Ingenium. You'd have to rescue it personally.
:'''Brave Cycrane:''' Do you not trust me? Human, you have no idea of my conviction, so let me tell you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you going to monologue about your convictions before you go to war?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020629-->
::'''Brave Cycrane:''' What's so weird about that? My enemies, my comrades, and even the weak whom I protect &mdash; all should know what I'm fighting for! I have to shout it out from the rooftops!
::'''Brave Cycrane:''' I may not have any future, but I can still protect your future. This is my conviction.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please tell me, what is your conviction!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020632-->
::'''Brave Cycrane:''' I may not have any future, but I can still protect your future. This is my conviction.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Leave this up to me. It's a piece of cake.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020634-->
::'''Brave Cycrane:''' Stop, I don't want to see you get hurt.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404020635-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404020635-->
:'''Brave Cycrane:''' I don't want to see any more tears, so please watch out for my Wrath mode! Activate!
:This cycrane flaps its wings angrily, as if all the zephyrs of the delve are funneling into his wings. They beat faster and faster, and your eyes can no longer keep up with their frequency!
:"Wind! The wind of the Xianzhou Luofu!"
:Even standing behind it, you can feel a scorching emanating from the cycrane. This is the so-called Wrath mode, then! How dazzling, how awe-inspiring! You start to wonder what kind of energy burst this cycrane can unleash.
:Hang on, do you smell that? Something's burning &mdash; it's the smell of something burning. It's the smell of burning hardware failing to overclock! It's basically the smell of a short circuit!
:The cycrane slowly drops before you, like a broken kite &mdash; as long as we don't stop flying, the road will be... Now's not the time to think about that!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Cycrane...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing?
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
----
:<!--Custom String Trigger: BattleTrigger_404020601-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}