<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Georgious#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Kremnos Soldier
|image           = NPC Georgious.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Bloodbathed Battlefront" Castrum Kremnos
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Georgious''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Bloodbathed Battlefront" Castrum Kremnos]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Bloodbathed Battlefront" Castrum Kremnos|npc_204_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504033067: Config/Level/Mission/5040330/Act/Act504033067.json-->
::'''Georgious:''' Knocking, shouting, cheering... Just look at this place. Such a lively vibe. You're a warrior here to join the festival too?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's right. I'm the warriorest of warriors.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nah, not interested.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Haha, I've won before.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504044605-->
::'''Georgious:''' I see, that's good too... I haven't the guts nor ability to spill blood in the name of glory. I still want to live a couple more years.
::'''Georgious:''' Anyway, whether you intend to pursue glory unto death, I wish you happiness every day &mdash; I think that's what's most important.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504033068: Config/Level/Mission/5040330/Act/Act504033068.json-->
::'''Georgious:''' To pursue death in battle... Ahem, better not die at all. Living your part, that's what fortune should be like.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Open NPC Menu-->
::{{DIcon}} I want to chat with you.
:::'''Georgious:''' A chat? Sure, I've got time to kill...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504033069_1638-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504033069_1638-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} How're you doing on the battlefield?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504044804-->
::::'''Georgious:''' The battlefield? Why would I do something like that? Volunteering for overtime? Who's paying for that?
::::'''Georgious:''' Though I have deployed before. In that special operation against Okhema, King Eurypon mobilized the entire army... I was forced to tag along.
::::'''Georgious:''' As for how I did... I'll just break it down for you &mdash; there are three kinds of soldiers in Castrum Kremnos: The brash, the brave, and the balky. And I'm the fourth kind: The craven.
::::'''Georgious:''' The first few kinds are either fanatically insane, or brimming with battle experience, or struggling between terror and self-reproach. Me? I use shadows as my weapon to strike at the enemy, leaving nary a drop of blood when I fight...
::::'''Georgious:''' Ahem... Anyway, war is just a form of overtime to me, and its compensation in glory instead of currency. If that's the case, why work so hard? I'm just some guard, not a hero.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's this job like?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504044810-->
::::'''Georgious:''' Why, you want to be a guard too? Here's a word of advice: Even the most ideal of jobs will become a grind after a while.
::::'''Georgious:''' Look at me, it's either guard duty or guard duty for me. Like pushing a rock up a hill, and then watching helplessly as it rolls back toward you, and then pushing it back up again...
::::'''Georgious:''' If it weren't for my family saying that you'd be fed in the army and dragging me along to sign up, I wouldn't even be standing here getting my face blasted by wind and shine... Though this is somewhat better than the frontline.
::::'''Georgious:''' Long story short: You need to manage your expectations if you're going to work for someone. There's no organizational ladder to climb as a guard, but there's also no risk of sudden death, so it's perfect in line with my expectations. I don't think it's the same for you, though.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's end our chat here.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504044815-->
::::'''Georgious:''' All right, I'll find some other way to kill time next...
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'm busy, so I'll be heading off.
:::'''Georgious:''' Goodbye, I hope you live every day with joy.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Georgious
|zhs  = 乔治斯
|zht  = 喬治斯
|ja   = ジョージス
|ko   = 게오르기오스
|es   = Georgios
|fr   = Géorgious
|ru   = Георгиос
|th   = Georgious
|vi   = Georgious
|de   = Georgios
|id   = Georgious
|pt   = Georgios
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}