<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hebe#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Woman Praying for Prophecy
|image           = NPC Hebe.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Sanctum of Prophecy" Janusopolis
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hebe''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Sanctum of Prophecy" Janusopolis]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Sanctum of Prophecy" Janusopolis|npc_207_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"Phase": "Finish",
		"ID": 434017411
	}
]
</pre>
;(If {{cx}}<!--performance 504050005 has not been seen-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504050006: Config/Level/Mission/5040500/Act/Act504050006.json-->
::'''Hebe:''' H&mdash;Hello, can I help you with something?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Are you up for a chat?
::'''Hebe:''' I guess so... But I don't believe I know you...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504050007_113-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504050007_113-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing here?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504050604-->
:::'''Hebe:''' I... I came to see the Holy Maiden. I wish for guidance from the Titans.
:::'''Hebe:''' ...Agh... My father came to this place seeking a prophecy a few months ago. However, he has grown more and more depressed since that day. Now, he spends most of his days locked inside the house.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What did he ask?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504050607-->
:::'''Hebe:''' He... He asked the priests when he would die. The answer he received was: "When Aquila closes one of their eyes."
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' ...?
:::'''Hebe:''' Indeed, it's extremely vague... But my father is now overcome with anxiety and paranoia. We... My elder sister and my mother are all very worried about him.
:::'''Hebe:''' So, though I have never made a long journey like this before and my heart was filled with fear, I plucked up the courage to come to the holy land of the Fate Titans and find something that may ease my father's concerns...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} That guy almost scammed you!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504050612-->
:::'''Hebe:''' But... He is a priest of the Goddesses, the bridge between the mortal and divine worlds... Do you really think that such a holy person would scam me just to steal a necklace...?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Believe me, he was deceiving you!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504050614-->
::::'''Hebe:''' But... Does that mean other priests scam as he does?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504050617-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504050617-->
::::'''Hebe:''' "Place enough weight atop the scales of Talanton..." I remember when my father came in search of a prophecy, he offered up half a year's yield from our land...
::::'''Hebe:''' Ah, sorry, I... I'm not trying to argue with you or interrogate you. I'm very grateful for your kindness!
::::'''Hebe:''' It's just... Maybe, maybe there has been some kind of misunderstanding...
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He scammed me like this before as well!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504050616-->
::::'''Hebe:''' But... If that's true, does that not prove that they were not actually scamming anyone?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504050617-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504050617-->
::::'''Hebe:''' "Place enough weight atop the scales of Talanton..." I remember when my father came in search of a prophecy, he offered up half a year's yield from our land...
::::'''Hebe:''' Ah, sorry, I... I'm not trying to argue with you or interrogate you. I'm very grateful for your kindness!
::::'''Hebe:''' It's just... Maybe, maybe there has been some kind of misunderstanding...
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Well, what do you plan to do from here?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504050621-->
:::'''Hebe:''' I... I plan to keep searching for someone to interpret my prophecy. That was my whole reason for coming, after all...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You must be cautious.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Beware of prophecy scammers.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504050624-->
:::'''Hebe:''' ...Haha. That turn of phrase seems a little disrespectful but, I can sense your sincerity and kindness... Thank you so much.
:::'''Hebe:''' When I had just arrived in Janusopolis, I was actually quite confused and uncertain... I used to think that prophecies were a great and selfless love gifted to us by the Titans, and that the sacrifices people make were out of pure piety and respect.
:::'''Hebe:''' However... Now I have witnessed many times how it is people obtain their prophecies. The priests are all so... clear about needing payment... Some prophecies even end up as auctions.
:::'''Hebe:''' This is all completely different to what I imagined. I'm so conflicted and confused... I once asked some priests about this, and they replied: "Seeking an audience with the majesty of Talanton will always require a price."
:::'''Hebe:''' I don't know if this is what you refer to as a "scam"... But, even if it is, to us, who have no power over our fate and are dependent on our prophecies... what difference is there between falsehood and reality...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all for now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504050630-->
:::'''Hebe:''' Ah, alright... Then may you find what it is you are wishing for!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I can't chat now. Good luck with everything.
::'''Hebe:''' Ah, alright... Then may you find what it is you are wishing for!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hebe
|zhs  = 赫柏
|zht  = 赫柏
|ja   = ヘルバ
|ko   = 헤베
|es   = Hebe
|fr   = Hébé
|ru   = Геба
|th   = Hebe
|vi   = Hebe
|de   = Hebe
|id   = Hebe
|pt   = Hebe
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}