<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Glykon#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Hero of the Arena
|image           = NPC Glykon.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Demigod Council" Dawncloud
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Glykon''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Demigod Council" Dawncloud]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Demigod Council" Dawncloud|npc_128_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504063001: Config/Level/Mission/5040630/Act/Act504063001.json-->
::'''Glykon:''' ...Another one? Come on. My charm must be a curse engraved upon me by {{Rubi|Mnestia|Romance Titan}}. All right, hand over your teleslate.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Teleslate? What teleslate...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063003-->
:::'''Glykon:''' You're not here for an autograph?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Uh? No, I didn't even say anything...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063005-->
:::'''Glykon:''' No need to explain, I get it.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504063006-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063006-->
::'''Glykon:''' I know you're one of my admirers. Ugh, having to explain this over and over is so tiresome...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please give me the autograph now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063008-->
:::'''Glykon:''' Now, give me your teleslate.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not here for your autograph.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063010-->
:::'''Glykon:''' Oh? Trying to catch my attention with this act? Sorry, but it won't work....
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504063011-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063011-->
::'''Glykon:''' Wait, don't tell me you don't even have a teleslate? You... you didn't actually come for my autograph? Was I... imagining things?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...You can sign my clothes.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...You realized just now?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063014-->
::'''Glykon:''' I thought... Ah, pardon me, I got carried away. But it's true that I'm very charismatic.
::'''Glykon:''' Come and look closely! Right here! Behold, this body, and these muscles! Do you like them? Do you admire them?
::'''Glykon:''' Surely you know the Okeanas Games? The famous, quadrennial sports event that takes place in Okeanas, with countless city-states participating &mdash; I was the three-peat champion of the discus throw event!
::'''Glykon:''' That makes me the world's top discus thrower! How can anyone resist my oozing charm?
::'''Glykon:''' Anyway, back to what we were saying... Since you aren't here for an autographed teleslate, what do you need from me, then?
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504063002: Config/Level/Mission/5040630/Act/Act504063002.json-->
::'''Glykon:''' Don't worry, I understand now. You're just here for a simple chat, right?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Care to chat?
::'''Glykon:''' Of course. Ask me about my glorious achievements. I can talk about them all day.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504063003_46-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504063003_46-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Actually... I still don't know who you are.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063204-->
:::'''Glykon:''' ...Oh, maybe you haven't heard about me, but it's impossible that you haven't heard of me.
:::'''Glykon:''' I am Glykon of Okeanas. It is an ancient Amphorean city-state known for competitive sports.
:::'''Glykon:''' You may have heard that the people of Okeanas love to push the limits of their bodies, but you've probably never seen "the limit." Well, now you have. I am the limit.
:::'''Glykon:''' Hahaha, you don't think I'm tooting my own horn, do you? It's a shame that Okhema has yet to host any large-scale sports competition on the same level, so I don't blame you for not knowing me.
:::'''Glykon:''' But now that you do, you'll be worshiping me in no time. Bwahaha!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the sports event you mentioned...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063210-->
:::'''Glykon:''' The Okeanas Games &mdash; the most renowned sports event in the entire Amphoreus! Goodness, do I really need to explain it to you again? Amphoreus really is doomed.
:::'''Glykon:''' The Okeanas Games cover every kind of sports competition you can think of, including track and field, boxing, wrestling, gladiatorial combat, horse racing, and so on.
:::'''Glykon:''' Unlike the vicious and aggressive ways of the Kremnoans, we promote the immaculate spirit of competition in the Games &mdash; so please don't mix us up with those uncouth tribes.
:::'''Glykon:''' And you know what? Discus throw is the most eye-catching event of all! And yours truly is the three-peat discus throw champion!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Absolute dominion!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063215-->
::::'''Glykon:''' That is why I am held as an esteemed guest at Dawncloud.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504063218-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063218-->
::::'''Glykon:''' I miss the laurels and applause very much. The holy city needs its own Okhema Games!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it really the most eye-catching event?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063217-->
::::'''Glykon:''' {{MC|f=Young lady|m=Young man}}, no one understands the Okeanas Games better than I do.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504063218-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063218-->
::::'''Glykon:''' I miss the laurels and applause very much. The holy city needs its own Okhema Games!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Has anyone ever called you... narcissistic?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063220-->
:::'''Glykon:''' Bahaha! You can be frank about it. Yes, I am very narcissistic! So much that it annoys people.
:::'''Glykon:''' But what can I do? My overflowing charm rubs off on me too! Such is my burden.
:::'''Glykon:''' As someone from Okeanas, this narcissism is a part of my duty. The Okeanas spirit is to display my fit body and capture those who don't understand the spirit of competition with its excellence.
:::'''Glykon:''' Many have advised me to turn it down a notch, but I've never gotten in their faces about it, not at all! They are just jealous, and I am not obligated to take advice from charmless folk.
:::'''Glykon:''' Hahaha, what do you think? Do you want my autographed slate now?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I gotta run. Good luck with everything.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504063226-->
:::'''Glykon:''' Oh, alright. I usually hang out nearby. Feel free to come over any time you want to see me.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I gotta run. Good luck with everything.
::'''Glykon:''' Oh, alright. I usually hang out nearby. Feel free to come over any time you want to see me.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Glykon
|zhs  = 柯库翁
|zht  = 柯庫翁
|ja   = グリュコス
|ko   = 글리콘
|es   = Glycon
|fr   = Glycon
|ru   = Гликон
|th   = Glykon
|vi   = Glykon
|de   = Glykon
|id   = Glykon
|pt   = Glykon
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}