<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Living Flame of Georios#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Living Flame of Georios.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Demigod Council" Dawncloud
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Living Flame of Georios''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Demigod Council" Dawncloud]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Demigod Council" Dawncloud|npc_23_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 304005026: Config/Level/Mission/3040050/Act/Act304005026.json-->
::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Phew. You caught me! Yep, I'm working a part-time gig here &mdash; just a little flame in the fire pit.
::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Looks like it's the perfect job for me, right? But it gets pretty boring. I spend a lot of time just sitting here, doing nothing, and there's no opportunity to slack off.
::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Is human life always like this? Signing a devil's contract, exchanging your life for goods, willingly transforming into something like a machine...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah, survival is hell.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304005635-->
:::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' I knew it &mdash; being a flame is so much more carefree. Phew.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not really. Life's meaning is in sacrifice.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304005637-->
:::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' So, even if humans do nothing, "emptiness" will still lead to human suffering? That really sounds tough, huh? Phew.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry. I'll smash it all sooner or later!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304005639-->
:::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Hey, I get it! "Era Nova," right? The old world, hopeless as it is, isn't worth mourning. People should start fresh and build their own paradise... Wait, did I just get carried away? Phew.
:::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Oh dear. If humans want to live seriously, it's so hard!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 304005027: Config/Level/Mission/3040050/Act/Act304005027.json-->
::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Phew... Survive or be destroyed, either way, it's a tough choice.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}