<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Living Flame of Georios#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Living Flame of Georios.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Demigod Council" Dawncloud
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Living Flame of Georios''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Demigod Council" Dawncloud]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Demigod Council" Dawncloud|npc_23_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 304005024: Config/Level/Mission/3040050/Act/Act304005024.json-->
::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Phew. Dawncloud, such a complex place. Luckily, the winds here aren't too strong, so my flames can burn peacefully.
::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Speaking of which, I overheard a question earlier and couldn't come up with a good answer after thinking about it for a while.
::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' An elder, a priest, a wealthy merchant, and a Chrysos Heir are trapped in the same ruins. They all want to get out alive, so they all want to give orders to others.
::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' The elder says they represent the people, the priest says they represent the Titans, the merchant claims to have a lot of Balance Coins in the city, and the Chrysos Heir is mighty and strong &mdash; so, who among these four is most likely to have the final say?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The elder.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304005606-->
:::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Phew... So, no matter the crisis, legal legitimacy is the most important thing when taking action?
:::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Indeed, sticking to reason is what prevents disputes... But what if the elders are easily swayed and don't keep their word?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The priest.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304005609-->
:::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Phew... So, even if they're trapped in the ruins, this would be a Titan's trial, and everyone must follow the priest's guidance, right?
:::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Indeed, Titans are the measure of the world. A truthful priest's power is not to be underestimated... But what if people discover that all of this isn't even about Titans?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The merchant.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304005612-->
:::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Phew... So, money is the best motivator? If the merchant is willing to share their wealth, everyone will follow their lead?
:::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Indeed, as they say, money makes the world go round. People might even do bad things for money... But if the merchant only gave up their wealth because they were forced to, how should we view that?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Chrysos Heir.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304005615-->
:::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Phew... So, in times of crisis, we should trust the strongest person, right? Sounds reasonable.
:::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' But... being Chrysos Heir is just a physical trait. What if this person is all brawn and no brains? Could they really lead everyone to safety?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_304005617-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_304005617-->
::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' *sigh* What a complicated question... I'll stop bothering you now. Let my mind burn for a while longer.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 304005025: Config/Level/Mission/3040050/Act/Act304005025.json-->
::'''Living Flame of Georios:''' Phew... Complicated questions make my mind burn...
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}