<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Boss Stone Animator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Boss Stone Animator.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Clock Studios Theme Park
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Boss Stone Animator''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Clock Studios Theme Park]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Clock Studios Theme Park|npc_301_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 802211203: Config/Level/Mission/8022111/Act/Act802211203.json-->
:'''Boss Stone Animator:''' Hey, my director. My savior!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Wanna chat?
::'''Boss Stone Animator:''' Of course, you did me a massive solid for me, so I'm there for you whenever you need me.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_802211204_105-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_802211204_105-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Boss Stone.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802215503-->
:::'''Boss Stone Animator:''' Oh, that blasted Boss Stone is the nemesis of Dreamville. He's this vile and treacherous crocodile who's the main villain in ''Clockie''.
:::'''Boss Stone Animator:''' Almost every single disaster in Dreamville was connected to Boss Stone. He's the source of all evil in the series, and everyone loathes him.
:::'''Boss Stone Animator:''' ...To be honest, I'm a little over these kinds of stories. There's nothing innovative about it at all. I heard that your ''Dreamjoy Memoir'' is using some other villains and I'm really looking forward to that.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About whom Boss Stone is based on.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802215507-->
:::'''Boss Stone Animator:''' Who he's based on? Didn't we already cover this? Boss Stone must have been the old nemesis of Penacony &mdash; the big bad guy who'd had his dreams shattered.
:::'''Boss Stone Animator:''' I heard Penacony has existed in the Asdana System for millennia. It must have faced all manner of disasters... But then again, The Family has kept everyone perfectly safe, so who would be worrying about such things all the time?
:::'''Boss Stone Animator:''' If you ask me, there might not have ever been a Boss Stone in history &mdash; the Clockie stories just needed a villain, that's all.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About "stones."
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802215511-->
:::'''Boss Stone Animator:''' In the Clockie stories, stones are what the crocodiles love most &mdash; Dreamville has lots of beautiful stones, and this is also why Boss Stone has his sights set on it.
:::'''Boss Stone Animator:''' Back then, the townsfolk would dig up stones for him all day. It was so terrible! Animating is seriously hard work, but it's far more comfortable than digging up stones... right?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802215514-->
:::'''Boss Stone Animator:''' So long, maestro! I hope you'll never encounter for yourself a bad guy like Boss Stone.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Goodbye.
::'''Boss Stone Animator:''' So long, maestro! I hope you'll never encounter for yourself a bad guy like Boss Stone.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}