<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Business Street Rep#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Business Street Rep.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Clock Studios Theme Park
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Business Street Rep''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Clock Studios Theme Park]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Clock Studios Theme Park|npc_290_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 802212001-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 802212001: Story/Discussion/Mission/8022120/DS802212001.json-->
::'''Business Street Rep:''' Item wear and tear, manpower costs, filming expenses... Oh right, also gotta factor in the duration...
::'''Business Street Rep:''' So the sum of expenses is... No no, we've exceeded our budget. Where can I shift things around...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pisce asked me to film some adverts here.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802213104-->
::'''Business Street Rep:''' Hold on a sec. I'm calculating the total expenses for this filming collab.
::'''Business Street Rep:''' Sorry to make you wait. I'm the agent for the Twelve Hours' business street. I've come to speak to you about working on a commercial together.
::'''Business Street Rep:''' You're the director of ''Dreamjoy Memoir''? Just in time. Please take a look at the script for this commercial...
::'''Business Street Rep:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Brother Hanu's Great Heist''}}. The story is set in Dreamville, and the main thing is to have our brand's imagery and Brother Hanu from ''Dreamjoy Memoir'' be in the same shot. It's a win-win for both sides.
::'''Business Street Rep:''' Everyone's at their marks now. You can start filming whenever you're ready.
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Started: 802212001-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 802212002: Config/Level/Mission/8022120/Act/Act802212002.json-->
::'''Business Street Rep:''' Everyone's at their marks now. You can start filming whenever you're ready.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(All choices lead to the following options)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem. Action!
::<!--Custom String Listener: 802213109_OpenRaid-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: 802212002_OpenRaid-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Allow me to ponder it a bit more...
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_802212001-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}