<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hamster Animator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Hamster Animator.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Clock Studios Theme Park
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hamster Animator''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Clock Studios Theme Park]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Clock Studios Theme Park|npc_263_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 8022115--> has been started)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 802211502: Config/Level/Mission/8022115/Act/Act802211502.json-->
::'''Hamster Animator:''' Ahhh, move! Move move move! This is urgent! Be quiet!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The trailer for Hamster Ball Knight's extra story has been released.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216313-->
::'''Hamster Animator:''' Ah, that was fast! Faster than the Hamster Ball Knight's Velocinut!
::'''Hamster Animator:''' Wait! Wait up! Director, please can you help me come up with something?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Something the matter?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hold your horses.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216317-->
::'''Hamster Animator:''' Hamster Ball Knight is different from the rest of those cartoon weirdos because he isn't imaginary &mdash; he's real! Just last week, he came first in the Meteor Spheroid Race!
::'''Hamster Animator:''' But it actually brought me trouble &mdash; as a Spheroid star under the Iris Family, I can't even apply for an interview with him. If it weren't for the fact that our authorization for his likeness is still valid, I wouldn't even be allowed to make this extra story!
::'''Hamster Animator:''' Based on old ''Clockie'' lore, Hamster Ball Knight was this big doofus who didn't care about anything except Spheroids. He was always putting himself into dangerous situations in the name of a race...
::'''Hamster Animator:''' But his background story can't just be that simple. He has to be competing for the sake of something more important to continue to risk his life! It's just I have no idea what that should be!
::'''Hamster Animator:''' Director! What do you think Hamster Ball Knight was risking his life for? Quick quick quick, come up with something! I trust you!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Money!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216323-->
:::'''Hamster Animator:''' Aha, now that adds up! That guy had a huge collection of hard, shiny nuts. He must be a greedy stockpiling hamster!
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 97,
	"Value": "1"
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The affection of others.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216325-->
:::'''Hamster Animator:''' Hey, a champion certainly does receive affection from plenty of others. Even a chubby hamster can earn the adoration of countless fans by just winning... Seems like all Hamster Ball Knight needs is a little love.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 97,
	"Value": "2"
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The joy of the race.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216327-->
:::'''Hamster Animator:''' Jeez, that's straight to the point. Racing around in that Spheroid really is all about joy, and I used to love Spheroid racing in Scorchsand, too... until the Bloodhounds eventually revoked my license.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 97,
	"Value": "3"
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_802216328-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216328-->
::'''Hamster Animator:''' Great! I get it now. I'll start pulling some things together based on what you said, so there's no going back now... Go, go, go!
::'''Hamster Animator:''' Donezo! Dang, I'm fast!
::'''Hamster Animator:''' Hey, this copy of the script is for you, director. You're welcome!
;(If {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 8022115--> has not been started)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 802211501: Config/Level/Mission/8022115/Act/Act802211501.json-->
::'''Hamster Animator:''' Ahhh, move! Move move move! This is urgent! Be quiet!
::This hamster punk doesn't seem interested in listening to what you have to say. You have to find a way to make him behave a little better...
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}