<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hamster Animator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Hamster Animator.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Clock Studios Theme Park
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hamster Animator''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Clock Studios Theme Park]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Clock Studios Theme Park|npc_309_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 802211503: Config/Level/Mission/8022115/Act/Act802211503.json-->
:'''Hamster Animator:''' What's up? What's wrong? Quickly, say something!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Wanna chat?
::'''Hamster Animator:''' Chat! Everyone can chat! Chat now!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_802211504_55-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_802211504_55-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Hamster Ball Knight.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216413-->
:::'''Hamster Animator:''' Hamster Ball Knight is the Spheroid-racing celebrity of Dreamville! The townsfolk love watching Spheroid races &mdash; it's not that different from real life!
:::'''Hamster Animator:''' Hamster Ball Knight always places first in Spheroid races while thwarting the bad guy's scheme throughout the race. Even Clockie is one of his fans!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the real Hamster Ball Knight.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216416-->
:::'''Hamster Animator:''' The real Hamster Ball Knight is named "Hamz." As an intelligent rodent, it's just as cute and just as '''fast''' as in the animation! That's thousands of races without a single loss!
:::'''Hamster Animator:''' Back then, Mr. Watchmaker used to love watching those races so much that he just added him into the animation &mdash; it's basically using the company's money to support your idol!
:::'''Hamster Animator:''' But the hamster hasn't been interviewed in a very long time, and nobody has seen him outside of any races... How weird!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216420-->
:::'''Hamster Animator:''' Bye! See you again soon!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Goodbye.
::'''Hamster Animator:''' Bye! See you again soon!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}