<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hanu Animator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Hanu Animator.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Clock Studios Theme Park
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hanu Animator''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Clock Studios Theme Park]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Clock Studios Theme Park|npc_304_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 802211103: Config/Level/Mission/8022111/Act/Act802211103.json-->
:'''Hanu Animator:''' So what? Hmph, my work now is done!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Wanna chat?
::'''Hanu Animator:''' Alright, what do you want to talk about?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_802211104_86-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_802211104_86-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Brother Hanu.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802215803-->
:::'''Hanu Animator:''' Hmph, Brother Hanu was the top brass around Dreamville, leading the townsfolk to rise against Boss Stone before Clockie's Compass arrived in town.
:::'''Hanu Animator:''' He's Clockie's most trustworthy partner, having saved Dreamville with his sharp eyesight and rocket launcher from disaster multiple times.
:::'''Hanu Animator:''' If Clockie is Dreamville's star celeb and Old Man Wood is its big backer, then Brother Hanu's gotta be Dreamville's big hero!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Hanunue.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802215807-->
:::'''Hanu Animator:''' Hmph, I've been investigating this for a long time, but I still don't know who Hanunue actually is.
:::'''Hanu Animator:''' Even if he really does exist, he's a historical figure that must've been thousands of years old &mdash; would Mr. Watchmaker really know him?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About *hmph*.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802215810-->
:::'''Hanu Animator:''' Hmph, I don't know why, but Brother Hanu only makes this noise in the animation. It actually saves us lots of money on voice acting.
:::'''Hanu Animator:''' I wonder what Mr. Watchmaker meant by this design. Perhaps Hanunue is also someone of very few words.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802215813-->
:::'''Hanu Animator:''' Hmph, so long.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Goodbye.
::'''Hanu Animator:''' Hmph, so long.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}