<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Origami Animator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Origami Animator.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Clock Studios Theme Park
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Origami Animator''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Clock Studios Theme Park]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Clock Studios Theme Park|npc_307_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 802211303: Config/Level/Mission/8022113/Act/Act802211303.json-->
:'''Origami Animator:''' *snooze* ...Tweet? Director, what's up?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Wanna chat?
::'''Origami Animator:''' Alright, tweet. What do you want to talk about?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_802211304_55-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_802211304_55-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Origami Birds.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216013-->
:::'''Origami Animator:''' Tweet, the origami birds are the creators of Dreamville, and can be seen in almost every single shot of animation.
:::'''Origami Animator:''' Hard-working and clever, they have created many magical structures under the watchful guidance of Professor Owl and their five leaders &mdash; just like the dreamscapes!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Origami Bird Leaders
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216016-->
:::'''Origami Animator:''' Tweet, there are five leaders of the Origami Birds: Lady Vermilion, Verdant Manager, Boss Red, Young Master Gold, and Dr. Blues! They all have different personalities and make different creations!
:::'''Origami Animator:''' Lady Vermilion designed a luxurious hotel, Verdant Manager built Old Man Wood's mansion, Boss Red constructed the soda factory, and Young Master Gold gifted Clockie an enormous amusement park...
:::'''Origami Animator:''' But most enigmatic of all is Dr. Blues, who is never shown building anything at all in the animation... I wonder if there's any stories about him in ''Dreamjoy Memoir''?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Professor Owl.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216020-->
:::'''Origami Animator:''' Tweet, Professor Owl is a teacher of Origami Birds. All of the Origami Birds learned their construction skills from him!
:::'''Origami Animator:''' Oh yeah, I saw on Festive Superstar ticket that the former head of the Nightingale Family, Glaux, was actually a Zatzka with an owl head &mdash; perhaps he forms the prototype for Professor Owl!
:::'''Origami Animator:''' I heard he was the lead designer for the Twelve Dreamscapes and the first dean of the Paperfold University. What an incredible individual!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216024-->
:::'''Origami Animator:''' Tweet! Alright, see you next time!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Goodbye.
::'''Origami Animator:''' Tweet! Alright, see you next time!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}