<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Soda Animator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Soda Animator.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Clock Studios Theme Park
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Soda Animator''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Clock Studios Theme Park]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Clock Studios Theme Park|npc_300_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 802211003: Config/Level/Mission/8022110/Act/Act802211003.json-->
:'''Soda Animator:''' *gurgle* Director, there you are! Our extra story is flying off the shelves, and it's all thanks to you!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Wanna chat?
::'''Soda Animator:''' Sure. What would you like to talk about?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_802211004_102-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_802211004_102-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Mr. Soda.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802215303-->
:::'''Soda Animator:''' *gurgle* Mr. Soda is a good friend of Clockie and Brother Hanu. They once teamed up to fight against Boss Stone and keep the peace in Dreamville.
:::'''Soda Animator:''' He's this greedy but funny guy who's always getting up to all kinds of hijinks just to sell his soda. He's the life of the party in Dreamville.
:::'''Soda Animator:''' If the Mr. Sousa of legends really was like that, then he was far more interesting than the saint of Harmony the SoulGlad ads portrayed him as.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Mr. Sousa.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802215307-->
:::'''Soda Animator:''' Mr. Sousa was the founder of SoulGlad who, according to SoulGlad Enterprise's statements, invented the refreshing taste of SoulGlad while in prison to sweeten the bitter pain of the prisoners.
:::'''Soda Animator:''' But he was persecuted by the IPC and locked up, with the Dreamleaf used for SoulGlad made extinct as well... that is until Mr. Aideen came to Penacony and restored the flavor inside a dream.
:::'''Soda Animator:''' There's something not quite right about this story. Whatever the truth is, anyway, I suspect no one will ever get to know besides Watchmaker...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the gurgles
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802215311-->
:::'''Soda Animator:''' Gurgling is Mr. Soda's catchphrase, just like Clockie's "Tick-tock" and Brother Hanu's "Hmph." Did I get that right?
:::'''Soda Animator:''' It's a small trick when designing a character to drop a catchphrase in there. The audience gets a deeper impression of them and it sometimes even can leave a cultural legacy!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802215314-->
:::'''Soda Animator:''' So long, *gurgle*. All the best with the film shoot, director!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Goodbye.
::'''Soda Animator:''' So long, *gurgle*. All the best with the film shoot, director!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}