<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#SoulGlad Vendor#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC SoulGlad Vendor.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Clock Studios Theme Park
|relatives       = 
}}
'''SoulGlad Vendor''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Clock Studios Theme Park]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Clock Studios Theme Park|npc_291_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 802212201-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 802212201: Story/Discussion/Mission/8022122/DS802212201.json-->
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' "SoulGlad &mdash; the source of joy, the quintessence of dreams!"
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' My friend, how about a bottle of SoulGlad?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have a sip first!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802213844-->
:::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' "Grab a bottle of SoulGlad, make your dreams a blast!"
:::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' Heh, if we're talking about Penacony trademark products besides Clockie, it's gotta be our SoulGlad.
:::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' I'll be candid &mdash; our SoulGlad will soon have a collaboration with Clockie &mdash; don't forget to cheer us on!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What a coincidence. I'm here to talk about a partnership.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No thanks, I'm here to talk about collaborating.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802213849-->
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' So you're the director of ''Dreamjoy Memoir''!
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' Mr. Pisce mentioned you &mdash; it's an honor to finally meet you! I'm from the SoulGlad™ Advertising Department, just here to chat with you about the current commercial proposal &mdash; {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Bubbly Clockie''}}!
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' "SoulGlad can bring joy and laughter to Dreamville, but the evil Boss Stone hates everything nice, so he's imprisoned Mr. Soda and stashed away all of the town's SoulGlad..."
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' "The hero of Dreamville &mdash; Clockie &mdash; will infiltrate Boss Stone's office building to bring back smiles to the townspeople!"
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' ...That's the gist of the story. To complete production quickly, I hope you, as the director, can personally get your hands dirty, and become Clockie's motion capture artist.
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' A total of three commercials. How about it? Will that work?
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Started: 802212201-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 802212202: Config/Level/Mission/8022122/Act/Act802212202.json-->
::'''SoulGlad Vendor:''' ''Bubbly Clockie'' &mdash; Director, are you ready to roll!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(All choices lead to the following options)
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem. Action!
::<!--Custom String Listener: 802213855_Openraid-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: 802212202_OpenRaid-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Allow me to ponder it a bit more...
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_802212201-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}