<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Troupe Agent#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Troupe Agent.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Clock Studios Theme Park
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Troupe Agent''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Clock Studios Theme Park]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Clock Studios Theme Park|npc_292_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 802212401-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 802212401: Story/Discussion/Mission/8022124/DS802212401.json-->
::{{tx}}
::'''Troupe Agent:''' Director (Trailblazer)? I've heard a lot about you. I'm a messenger from the Iris Family and also the person in charge of the Sweet Dreams Troupe.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're from the Iris Family too?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802213453-->
::'''Troupe Agent:''' Haha, I understand your concern &mdash; the kid that just came earlier was a newbie and may not have conveyed our message clearly. Please accept my apologies on behalf of the kid. I want to convey our utmost sincerity.
::'''Troupe Agent:''' Clockie has always been Penacony's most valuable brand figure. The Sweet Dreams Troupe of our Iris Family has also been a popular brand image that's been well-liked by tourists recently.
::'''Troupe Agent:''' So, the proposal I'm making isn't an acquisition at all, but a partnership! Together we can be greater by producing a new animation flick!
::'''Troupe Agent:''' I wonder if you have any interest in a film collaboration?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm all ears.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That tone sure changed fast...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802213459-->
:::'''Troupe Agent:''' Haha, as I'm sure you know, Director, a mutual victory is much more pragmatic than competition to us.
:::Is there any money in it?
:::'''Troupe Agent:''' Haha, as it is with such matters with mutual benefits, you will surely stand to gain as well.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_802213462-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is there any money in it?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802213461-->
:::'''Troupe Agent:''' Haha, as it is with such matters with mutual benefits, you will surely stand to gain as well.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_802213462-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802213462-->
::'''Troupe Agent:''' The Iris Family has the best directors and most professional actors. We can provide all the film equipment and staff.
::'''Troupe Agent:''' We've even invited a special guest &mdash; the majestic trashcan buried in the dream...
::'''Troupe Agent:''' Of course, a partnership requires that both parties participate. We're willing to bill you, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer), as the executive producer. You can check in on the progress and content at the film set at any time.
::'''Troupe Agent:''' As for the script for this movie... I've also discussed it with Mr. Pisce, to adapt that classic tale &mdash; the most romantic and magical {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Dreamjoy Ascension''}}! What do you think?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Interesting! Action!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802213467-->
:::'''Troupe Agent:''' Wonderful! The three directors at the set all appear to have run into a little trouble. {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} Executive Producer, please go and lend a hand.
:::{{tx}}
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: 802212402_OpenRaid-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Allow me to ponder it a bit more...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_802212401-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Started: 802212401-->)
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 802212404-->)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 802212406: Config/Level/Mission/8022124/Act/Act802212406.json-->
:::'''Troupe Agent:''' The most romantic and magical {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Dreamjoy Ascension''}} &mdash; are there any scenes you wish to reshoot?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's right, I want to start rolling!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: 802213572_Openraid-->
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: 802212402_OpenRaid-->
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'm just here to take a look.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 802212404-->)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 802212402: Config/Level/Mission/8022124/Act/Act802212402.json-->
:::'''Troupe Agent:''' The most romantic and magical {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|''Dreamjoy Ascension''}} &mdash; you can start rolling when you've decided.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Interesting! Action!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: 802213492_Openraid-->
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: 802212402_OpenRaid-->
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Allow me to ponder it a bit more...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}