<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Wood Animator#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Wood Animator.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = Clock Studios Theme Park
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Wood Animator''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[Clock Studios Theme Park]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Clock Studios Theme Park|npc_308_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 802211403: Config/Level/Mission/8022114/Act/Act802211403.json-->
:'''Wood Animator:''' *cough* What's up, director?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Wanna chat?
::'''Wood Animator:''' Ha, be my guest.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_802211404_66-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_802211404_66-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Old Man Wood.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216213-->
:::'''Wood Animator:''' Old Man Wood...? It was a massive tree in Dreamville that helped the town shake off perilous times of uncertainty and develop vast swathes of terrain for expansion.
:::'''Wood Animator:''' At the very start, he was like a mentor to Clockie &mdash; always explaining all kinds of logic to him so that this juvenile little Clockie boy could gradually grow up...
:::'''Wood Animator:''' But later on, a fire burned his tree canopy away and all his branches off... He became bitter, stubborn, cold, and mean like a withered old dead tree...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Dreammaster.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216217-->
:::'''Wood Animator:''' Ahem, I haven't met the Dreammaster in person before. I only know him from TV shows and The Family's promotions. They say that when Penacony was facing destruction, it was him who led The Family here and saved that nightmare situation from impending doom.
:::'''Wood Animator:''' He was kind, affable, wise, and a teacher and idol to his disciples. Even though he suffered great hardships at the hands of evildoers, he never abandoned his love of Harmony &mdash; this is our Dreammaster... or at least the Dreammaster we can see.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_802216220-->
:::'''Wood Animator:''' Ha, sure. I love chewing the fat with young animators.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Goodbye.
::'''Wood Animator:''' Ha, sure. I love chewing the fat with young animators.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}