<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cook#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Cook.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Jarilo-VI
|location        = Great Mine
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Cook''' is an NPC on [[Jarilo-VI]], located in [[Great Mine]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Great Mine|npc_49_400003}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201050112,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201050112,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceD 201050112: Config/Level/Mission/2010501/Act/Act201050112.json-->
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 101.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Huh, Hook? What's the matter?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 131.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Did you steal daddy's detector?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 102.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Wha&mdash; Oh if I'd known I would become a suspect, I wouldn't have gone out at that time... How foolish of me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Relax. We're just checking off all the boxes.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Feeling guilty or something? You seem a bit off.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201213105-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 103.ogg}} '''Helper:''' O&mdash;Of course not! I didn't do anything wrong...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201213104-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201213104-->
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 143.ogg}} '''Hook:''' We just need you to answer a few questions!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 104.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Okay... ask away. It would be good to clear myself of suspicion.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 201050112_loop-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: 201050112_loop-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What were you doing when the crime occurred?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201213109-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 105.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Nothing special. I just went out to get some fresh air.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 106.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Oh dear, oh dear... I know that's a lame alibi! But I swear it's the truth.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you think of Mr. Fersman?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201213112-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 107.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Mr. Fersman? He's a good person. Though... oh, er, uh, never mind.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 108.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Oh no, oh no... I must sound very suspicious. But I really didn't do anything. You have to believe me...
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you see the detector?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201213115-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 109.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Detector? No, I haven't seen anything, and I don't know anything...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 110.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Is that all the questions you have? Have I proven my innocence?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just stay calm and wait for the news.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've figured it out. Be careful.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201213118-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 111.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Oh dear... All this waiting around is enough to make me even more anxious...
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 201050112_F-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 201050112
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201050112-->)
:{{DIcon}} Old Foreman's Treasure
::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 201050112: Config/Level/Mission/2010501/Act/Act201050112.json-->
::----
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 101.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Huh, Hook? What's the matter?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 131.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Did you steal daddy's detector?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 102.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Wha&mdash; Oh if I'd known I would become a suspect, I wouldn't have gone out at that time... How foolish of me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Relax. We're just checking off all the boxes.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Feeling guilty or something? You seem a bit off.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201213105-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 103.ogg}} '''Helper:''' O&mdash;Of course not! I didn't do anything wrong...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201213104-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201213104-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 hook 143.ogg}} '''Hook:''' We just need you to answer a few questions!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 104.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Okay... ask away. It would be good to clear myself of suspicion.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: 201050112_loop-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: 201050112_loop-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What were you doing when the crime occurred?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201213109-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 105.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Nothing special. I just went out to get some fresh air.
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 106.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Oh dear, oh dear... I know that's a lame alibi! But I swear it's the truth.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you think of Mr. Fersman?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201213112-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 107.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Mr. Fersman? He's a good person. Though... oh, er, uh, never mind.
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 108.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Oh no, oh no... I must sound very suspicious. But I really didn't do anything. You have to believe me...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you see the detector?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201213115-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 109.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Detector? No, I haven't seen anything, and I don't know anything...
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 110.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Is that all the questions you have? Have I proven my innocence?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just stay calm and wait for the news.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've figured it out. Be careful.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201213118-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk1 nannyA 111.ogg}} '''Helper:''' Oh dear... All this waiting around is enough to make me even more anxious...
:::----
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: 201050112_F-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Miner
|zhs  = 矿民
|zht  = 礦民
|ja   = 鉱夫
|ko   = 광부
|es   = Personal de la mina
|fr   = Mineur
|ru   = Шахтёр
|th   = คนงานเหมือง
|vi   = Thợ Mỏ
|de   = Bergarbeiter
|id   = Penambang
|pt   = Minerador
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}