<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Emotional Patient#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Administrative Official
|image           = NPC Emotional Patient.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Jarilo-VI
|location        = Natasha's Clinic
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Emotional Patient''' is an NPC on [[Jarilo-VI]], located in [[Natasha's Clinic]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Natasha's Clinic|npc_15_400010}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201070306,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201070306,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070306: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070306.json-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientE 101.ogg}} '''Emotional Patient:''' The medicine Vache left behind? That stuff... Can you even call it medicine?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientE 102.ogg}} '''Emotional Patient:''' I know Dr. Natasha's here, but I have to tell it like it is... Vache had zero medical ethics &mdash; he didn't deserve the title "doctor."
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientE 103.ogg}} '''Emotional Patient:''' He may have had the capability, but he didn't use it to help anyone... Whenever I went to see him, he never even asked about my illness! He just prescribed me his so-called "wonder medicine..."
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientE 104.ogg}} '''Emotional Patient:''' If it were you, would you have taken that medicine?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070306-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 201070306
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070306: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070306.json-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientE 101.ogg}} '''Emotional Patient:''' The medicine Vache left behind? That stuff... Can you even call it medicine?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientE 102.ogg}} '''Emotional Patient:''' I know Dr. Natasha's here, but I have to tell it like it is... Vache had zero medical ethics &mdash; he didn't deserve the title "doctor."
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientE 103.ogg}} '''Emotional Patient:''' He may have had the capability, but he didn't use it to help anyone... Whenever I went to see him, he never even asked about my illness! He just prescribed me his so-called "wonder medicine..."
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 patientE 104.ogg}} '''Emotional Patient:''' If it were you, would you have taken that medicine?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070306-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Manya
|zhs  = 曼娅
|zht  = 曼婭
|ja   = マンヤ
|ko   = 마냐
|es   = Manya
|fr   = Manya
|ru   = Маня
|th   = Manya
|vi   = Manya
|de   = Manya
|id   = Manya
|pt   = Manya
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}