<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Natasha#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Natasha.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Jarilo-VI
|location        = Natasha's Clinic
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Natasha''' is an NPC on [[Jarilo-VI]], located in [[Natasha's Clinic]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Natasha's Clinic|npc_5_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201090104,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201090104,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090104: Config/Level/Mission/2010901/Act/Act201090104.json-->
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 113.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Stupid, witchy old... Natasha! Hehe, h&mdash;have you finished fixing Junjun?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 101.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Oh, your teddy bear? Hehe... He's nearly done. Here, take a look at him.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 114.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Wow... He looks brand-new! Natasha, you're incredible.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 102 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Glad to be of service. Now then... did you really bring (Trailblazer) over here with you just to pick up Junjun? Come on now, what are you guys up to this time?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 115.ogg}} '''Hook:''' We're going to the auct...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 116.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Ah... n&mdash;no! That's not what we're going to do!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're going to the auction...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090608-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 117.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hey! You bigmouth!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 103.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...The auction, the one at the vagrant camp?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're going to look for Julian and play hide-and seek-with him.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090611-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 118.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Uh... yeah, that's right!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 104.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The auction... right Hook? The one at the vagrant camp?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're not up to anything!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090614-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 105.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...You've been spending too much time with Hook.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 104.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The auction... right Hook? The one at the vagrant camp?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201090616-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090616-->
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 107.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' So you made me go through all this effort to repair Junjun just so you could sell him...?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 119.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I... uh... Psst, honorary member! Think of something!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Commencing plan "think of something."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think we should give up...
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090620-->
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 108.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hehe, you two make an adorable duo.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 109.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I was only joking, Hook. Junjun is yours, and it's entirely up to you what you do with him. But you must make one promise to me...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 120.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Wh&mdash;What is it?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 110.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Don't go charging into the Fragmentum again. Mr. Fersman heard about what you did and came to me to find out what happened.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 111.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Your dad worries about you &mdash; stop giving him reasons to.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 121.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Daddy... Aw... Okay, I swear I'll never make Natasha or daddy worry again.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 112 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 112 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' (Trailblazer), I'm going to have to trouble you to keep an eye on this kid again. You seem to be doing a good job, so I'll leave it at that.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 113.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Off you go then, and good luck.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 122.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Thanks, Natasha! Honorary member, let's head to the auction!
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 201090104_F-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201090208,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201090208,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090208: Config/Level/Mission/2010902/Act/Act201090208.json-->
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 237.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Natasha!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 128.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hook, you look very happy. Did something good happen?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 238.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Mine and daddy's birthday party is starting soon! Can you help me wrap up this gift! I wanna surprise daddy!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 129.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' *sigh* You rascal... You only come and find me in situations like this.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 239.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Pleeease Natasha! I'll help you clean the clinic for... half a month if you help me!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 130.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Deal. I can't believe you won such a valuable item. Junjun must have fetched a small fortune, huh?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We persuaded lots of people to bid on him.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Natasha's craftsmanship was very popular.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090909-->
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 131.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Even with the erebus, you must've put in a lot of effort to get such a good price?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 132.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Fersman will be very happy with his gift.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 133 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 133 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' By the way, Hook, how are your birthday party plans coming along? Have you invited this {{MC|f=young lady|m=young man}}?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 233 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 233 f.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Oh! Not yet! (Trailblazer), do you wanna come to my birthday party?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090914-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 234.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Great!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I say no?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090916-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 235.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Of course not! All members of The Moles must obey Pitch-Dark Hook the Great's commands!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201090917-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090917-->
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 236.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I'll contact the other members of The Moles too. Come find me when you're ready &mdash; we'll go together!
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 201090208_F-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201090213,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201090213,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090213: Config/Level/Mission/2010902/Act/Act201090213.json-->
----
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 225.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Natasha!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 116.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hook, what's wrong? Has someone been bullying you?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 226.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Mine and daddy's birthday party is starting soon, but I haven't bought daddy his gift yet...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 117.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' So... the auction didn't go too well, huh?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} There are quite a lot of rich people in the Underworld.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090806-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 118.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' It's true. It's ridiculous that a single probe can fetch 750 shield.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You tried your best, Hook.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090808-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 119.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' You made a very high bid... The problem is that there are a lot of wealthy people lurking in the Underworld.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201090809-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090809-->
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 227.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Huh!? You were at the auction too, Natasha?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 120.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hook, you're upset that you don't have a gift for your daddy, right? Well, what about this?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 228.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 229.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Ah! It's... the Geomarrow Probe from the auction! How did you get it?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That mysterious high-bidding stranger...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090814-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's a rich person's world...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090816-->
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 121.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I wasn't planning on saying anything... but I saw a couple of very sad-looking faces in the crowd.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201090817-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090817-->
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 123.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' What do you think, Hook? Are you willing to buy the Geomarrow Probe from me?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 230.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...Th&mdash;This is all the money we got for Junjun. Here, it's all yours!
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 124.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Let's have a count. Hmm, doesn't seem to be enough...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 231.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...Hook could also help Natasha clean the clinic for... half a month?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 125.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Three months.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 232.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Th&mdash;Three months!? Witchy old... Natasha, let's negotiate...
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 126.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Ah-uh, no bargaining.
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 127 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 127 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' By the way, Hook, how are your birthday party plans coming along? Have you invited this {{MC|f=young lady|m=young man}}?
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 233 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 233 f.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Oh! Not yet! (Trailblazer), do you wanna come to my birthday party?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090827-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 234.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Great!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I say no?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090829-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 235.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Of course not! All members of The Moles must obey Pitch-Dark Hook the Great's commands!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201090830-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090830-->
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 236.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I'll contact the other members of The Moles too. Come find me when you're ready &mdash; we'll go together!
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 201090213_F-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201070301,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201070301,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070301: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070301.json-->
----
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201070101-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070101-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 101 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' You came at a good time, (Trailblazer), there is something you can help me with.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 102.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' According to my patient records, there are a few that haven't come for their follow-up visits. It happens from time to time, but never as regularly as this. I'm a bit concerned...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 103.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Have you heard of the Complex Illness Mutual Aid Society?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010701_10-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010701_10-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds like a charitable organization.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds suspicious...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070107-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 104.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Mm, I agree.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201070108-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070108-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 105.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Generally speaking, mutual aid societies like these allow patients to share their experiences and support each other. It's a way of countering all the negative emotional effects of being ill... But there might be more to this society than that.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 106.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I've got a few patients who've started refusing treatment since joining the society... It certainly makes you wonder.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 107.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The most suspicious part is that no matter how much I ask, no one's ever willing to tell me anything about it... and that's where you might be able to help.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010701_18-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010701_18-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Got it, you want me to go undercover.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070112-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 108.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...It sounds dangerous, but what I want you to do is actually very simple. Investigate this so-called "Mutual Aid Society" and find out what exactly they're up to.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do I need to be ill before I can make inquiries?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070114-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 109.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...That won't be necessary, but it will help if you pretend to be a patient. Help me investigate this so-called "Mutual Aid Society" and find out exactly what they're up to.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What should I do?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070116-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 110.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hmm... Pretend to be a patient. Help me investigate this so-called "Mutual Aid Society" and find out exactly what they're up to.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201070118-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070118-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 111.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If I find out they're preventing me from doing my job... or if they're bringing harm to my patients... I won't just sit on the sidelines.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 112 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 112 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Can I entrust you with this task, (Trailblazer)?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010701_28-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010701_28-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem, leave it with me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have I ever refused you?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070121-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 113 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 113 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' You're as considerate as always, (Trailblazer).
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201070122-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070122-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 114.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' This little clinic has huge numbers of patients to deal with every day... If I didn't have you here to help me out, I wouldn't be able to focus on giving them quality care.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 115 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 115 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Good luck, (Trailblazer). I'll be sure to thank you properly when you're back.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070301-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201070305,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201070305,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070305: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070305.json-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201070801-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070801-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 116.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 117.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' So the mutual aid society found my bro&mdash; ...Vache's research results... and now they're selling this so-called "wonder medicine" to patients...?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 118.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Any organization doing something like that is interested in more than just "mutual aid..."
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010708_10-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010708_10-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The patients wanted me to keep it a secret from you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070806-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 119.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm not surprised. They'll know that I'm completely against them using this "wonder medicine..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The patient said he was willing to take the risk.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070808-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 120.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...As a doctor, I don't accept that &mdash; I'm responsible for their well-being. My attitude towards this "wonder medicine" won't change.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201070809-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070809-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 121.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' What Vache left behind is nothing more than reagents and experimental by-products... The word "medicine" doesn't apply here.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 122.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I warned the patients countless times, but it seems like they had their heads in the sand all along... No wonder they kept the mutual aid society a secret from me.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 123 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 123 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer). Those patients weren't exactly singing my praises &mdash; thank you for having faith in me.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 124.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If you're curious about Vache's wonder medicine, you should ask some of the patients in the clinic... see what they have to say about the effects.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070305-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201090414,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201090414,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090414: Config/Level/Mission/2010904/Act201090414.json-->
:'''Natasha:''' So the anonymous donor was Kluzer...
:'''Natasha:''' Oh, I remember helping him with the diagnosis when he was so weakened by that suit of armor.
:'''Natasha:''' I never approved of how he risked his life like that. I can't imagine how strong-willed he must be to manage to do all this in his condition.
:'''Natasha:''' But why would he risk his life this much and be this generous? All this for what, exactly?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} To provide a better life for his wife and children?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027306-->
::'''Natasha:''' His financials didn't seem that good, and yet he donated so much to us at the clinic, which just doesn't make sense...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027308-->
::'''Natasha:''' Hmm... let me think about this...
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101027310-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027310-->
:'''Natasha:''' Did he leave any other clues?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (you hand over Kluzer's letter and anonymous package)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027311-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201090414-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201140190,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201140101,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201140101: Config/Level/Mission/2011401/Act/Act201140101.json-->
----
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201149001-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201149001-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 101 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' (Trailblazer), can I talk to you for a moment? I have a favor to ask. Something... rather personal.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2011490_7-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2011490_7-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course, Nat.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140101-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 103.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I want to thank you again for recovering the wonder medicine. It meant a lot to me.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 104.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' But disposing of Vache's reagents isn't enough to solve the medical supply shortage. Many of my patients can't be seen promptly, and my stock of medicine is running low.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 105.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Thanks to you, the route to the Overworld through the Furnace Core has reopened. I'd like to use it to return to the surface and see if I can get some help.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2011401_9-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2011401_9-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Help from whom?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140105-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 106.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I knew you'd be interested.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} If you need recovery meds, I've got some in my bag...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140107-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 107 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 107 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hehe, funny as always, (Trailblazer).
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201140108-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140108-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 108.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Remember my adoptive parents I mentioned to you a while ago?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 109.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' After the reopening of the Furnace Core passage, I had an idea. I wrote a letter and asked Sampo to deliver it to my parents' old address.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 110.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I didn't have high hopes, but amazingly, Sampo brought me my mother's reply.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2011401_18-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2011401_18-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sampo being a gentleman... a rare occurrence...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140112-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 111.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hehe, that's exactly what I thought when I got her letter.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sampo couldn't have forged it, could he?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140114-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 112.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' No, I recognize my family's handwriting. We are all doctors after all.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201140115-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140115-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 113.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Mom said they still live at the old house, but they're not working on the front lines anymore. They should still have some connections in the medical school and the hospital, though.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 114.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If I'm lucky, maybe I can convince them to send extra medical supplies to the Underworld.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 115.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Of course, that's not the only reason for me to go back to the surface... I can't wait to visit my parents again, and I can tell from my mom's letter that they feel the same.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 116 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 116 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If possible, I would like you to go with me, (Trailblazer).
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2011401_28-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2011401_28-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I won't say no to you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140121-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 117.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Wonderful, that's such a relief.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 118.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I've sent another letter to my mom telling her to find us near Fountain Plaza. Don't worry, I know my way around the Administrative District.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::----
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201140101-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I have other things to attend to...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201149004-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 102.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' It's okay, I understand. You must have some important things on your plate? Don't let them get ahead of you.
::----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201070327,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201070327,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070327: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070327.json-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201071201-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071201-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 125.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 126.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' So the mutual aid society found my bro&mdash; ...Vache's research results... and now they're selling this so-called "wonder medicine" to patients...?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 127.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Any organization doing something like that is interested in more than just "mutual aid..."
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010712_10-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010712_10-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The patients wanted me to keep it a secret from you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071206-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 128.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm not surprised. They'll know that I'm completely against them using this "wonder medicine..."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The patient said he was willing to take the risk.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071208-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 129.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...As a doctor, I don't accept that &mdash; I'm responsible for their well-being. My attitude towards this "wonder medicine" won't change.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201071209-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071209-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 130.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' What Vache left behind is nothing more than reagents and experimental by-products... The word "medicine" doesn't apply here.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 131.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I warned the patients countless times, but it seems like they had their heads in the sand all along... No wonder they kept the mutual aid society a secret from me.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 132.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm guessing the patients you met weren't exactly singing my praises, which is why you tracked the dealer down and made inquiries first.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 133 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 133 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I don't blame you, (Trailblazer). After everything you heard, I'm grateful you came back to find me. Your trust is important to me.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 134.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If you're curious about Vache's wonder medicine, you should ask some of the patients in the clinic... see what they have to say about the effects.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070327-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201140501,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201140501,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceD 201140501: Config/Level/Mission/2011405/Act/Act201140501.json-->
----
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 108.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I see... Thanks for bringing me up to speed. The clinic has been busy while you were gone. We've treated many people &mdash; soldiers and civilians alike.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 109.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' All in all, I owe everyone a big thank you. It would've been much harder if Wildfire had operated alone.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 110.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Thanks to Captain Gepard, we managed to keep our losses to a minimum. I'm sure people will begin to appreciate the Silvermane Guards after this battle.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What about me?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Serval helped too!
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101028206-->
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 111.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Haha, how could I forget about you two? We couldn't have done it without your help.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 302.ogg}} '''Serval:''' You're too kind, they deserve the real credit. I doubt I'd have come back in one piece without them.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 112.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Sounds like you went through a lot of danger... Are you hurt, Miss Serval? I can have a look if you like.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 303.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I'm alright, don't worry! Everything worked out eventually. Let's wait for the rest of them to get back...
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 272.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Miss Natasha, we've returned.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 304.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Is that Gepard?
----
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101028213-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101028213-->
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 273.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' ...Mr. Oleg has a pretty good handle on what's needed in the mine.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 274.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' He's arranging for rescue teams and supplies to be sent over. He won't be back for a while.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 113.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Looks like you guys have the situation under control. Thank you.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 114.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' *sigh* I'd love to sit down and chat with all of you, but I still have a backlog of patients to see.
:{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 115.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Oh, there was a girl and her brother who said you saved their lives. You might want to check on them and see how they're doing.
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201140501-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 301150203,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 301150203,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 301150203: Config/Level/Mission/3011502/Act/Act301150203.json-->
:{{Black Screen|Telling Natasha about Agnes' request...}}
:'''Natasha:''' Hahaha... The Rightful Rights Society. I haven't heard that name for a long time.
:'''Natasha:''' I usually don't write such letters because of professional ethics... But I know everyone in the Society has their own reasons.
:'''Natasha:''' Here's the letter. No guarantees this will pass any detailed scrutiny, though.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_301150203-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_301150522)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_301150522-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201070307,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201070307,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070307: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070307.json-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201071501-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071501-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 135.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...I still haven't worked out how to convey it to you, the issues surrounding Vache. My relationship with him... the things he's done in the Underworld... it's a long story.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 136 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 136 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm guessing you've heard a lot of different opinions on Vache. What do you make of him, (Trailblazer)?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010715_8-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010715_8-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think he was a doctor with zero medical ethics.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's tough for me to say.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think he's insane.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071506-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 137.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I see... I can understand that.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201071507-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071507-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 138 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 138 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' (Trailblazer), I want you to go and visit another patient &mdash; a victim of the wonder medicine... I want you to see the real consequences of abusing that medicine.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 139.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Once you've understood her situation, come back and tell me what you think. After that... I want to ask for your help again.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070307-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201070311,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201070311,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070311: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070311.json-->
----
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201071901-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071901-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 140 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 140 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Did you speak to her, (Trailblazer)?
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 141.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' By the look on your face... I'm assuming you've come to understand the wonder medicine all too well.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010719_8-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010719_8-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The people selling that stuff are devils.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Those medicine dealers prey on our weaknesses...
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071905-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 142.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 143.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Be it Vache or the mutual aid society &mdash; forces like that can take full advantage of the... the typical Underworld state of mind.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 144 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 144 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Let me tell you a story, (Trailblazer).
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 145.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' There was once a brilliant Overworld doctor with unmatched pharmaceutical skill.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 146.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The doctor was set on developing a medicine that would steel the human body against the cold. He named his research project "Blizzard Immunity."
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 147.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' But his research met with obstruction time and time again, the biggest factor being a lack of test subjects. Tampering with the human immune system carries huge risk, and nobody in the Overworld was willing to submit themselves to such experiments.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 148.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' As such, the doctor got in touch with his sister in the Underworld... claiming that he wanted to support the medical effort below ground.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010719_19-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010719_19-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} And then...
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071914-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 149.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Naturally, his sister was overjoyed. After all, as far as medicine was concerned, her brother had always been the standard she'd strived to attain.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 150.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' She brought her brother underground and entrusted him with her clinic and laboratory...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 151.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...I think you know what comes next.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010719_26-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010719_26-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sorry that I doubted you before...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's hard to believe he was your brother...
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071919-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 152.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Issuing free medicine to the needy was just Vache's way of conducting experiments on his test subjects.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 153.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' On some level, his reagents were able to alleviate the patients' suffering... but nothing more. They would forget their pain for a while, and neglect their regular treatment plans...
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 154.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The result... patients with mild illness would attribute their recovery to the so-called wonder medicine, while patients with serious illness would quickly deteriorate... and sometimes die.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 155 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 155 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I cannot accept that their fate was simply the result of misfortune or risk, (Trailblazer). No true doctor would accept that.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 156.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' That's why I want you to help me recover all the wonder medicine. Are you willing to take on this assignment?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010719_35-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010719_35-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Somebody has to do the right thing.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not my preferred course of action, but...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071926-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 157.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...But it's impossible to sit on the sidelines, right?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201071927-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071927-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 158 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 158 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer).
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 159.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' This will be hard for the people that have come to rely on the wonder medicine... but it's up to us to remove this false hope.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 160.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' You mustn't hesitate &mdash; recover every last reagent that Vache left behind. I'll take responsibility for the consequences &mdash; don't worry about that.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 161 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 161 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Go, (Trailblazer). I'll be waiting for the good news.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070311-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201090122,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201090105,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090122: Config/Level/Mission/2010901/Act/Act201090122.json-->
:{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 113.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Off you go then, and good luck.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 201070315,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 201070315,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070317: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070317.json-->
----
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201072401-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072401-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 177 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 177 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Oh... (Trailblazer), you're here. I apologize, that must have made for uncomfortable viewing.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010724_21-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010724_21-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you okay?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072417-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 178.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Mm... I'm okay. If I were in his shoes, I may well have had the same reaction. Now I need to focus on treating the patients, and dispelling their doubts.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd like to straighten out that loudmouth myself!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072419-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 179.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Don't let your emotions get the better of you. If I were in his shoes, I might well have had the same reaction. Now I need to focus on treating the patients, and dispelling their doubts.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201072420-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072420-->
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 180.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Let's leave it for now. I'll feel a lot better once I've gotten rid of this mess that Vache left us.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 181.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Now's as good a time as any to tell you Vache's whole story.
:{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 182.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If there's anything you want to know, don't hesitate to ask.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010724_30-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010724_30-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Was he your biological brother?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072424-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 183.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' No... but I used to think we were so close that we may as well have been...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 184.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I actually grew up in the orphanage. It wasn't until I was adopted by an Overworld family that life changed for me.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 185.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' My adoptive mother always saw me as her own flesh and blood, and Vache loved me like a sister... that is, while we were still young.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 186.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' My adoptive parents belonged to a prominent medical family &mdash; as kids, we were exposed to all kinds of medical texts. When we were older, both of us got straight into Belobog's medical school. We were on a path into the medical profession.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What kind of person was Vache?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072429-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 187.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' He was gentle and introverted. But when it came to work he could be absurdly obsessive... like a completely different person.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 188.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Whenever I made a mistake in an experiment, he'd bite my head off... and then a while later, he'd apologize and comfort me. He was conflicted in that way.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} So you knew this medicine was his work?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072432-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 189.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I didn't know he had leftover reagents in Rivet Town. I was shocked when you told me.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 190.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If you fail to make a clean break with the past, the past creeps up on you...
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did he...really pass away?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072435-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 191.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' *sigh* That's a long story... Ever since he was little, Vache had always wanted to develop a medicine called "Blizzard Immunity."
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 192.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' He saw the human body's vulnerability to cold as a disease, and wanted to cure it so that humanity could survive the Eternal Freeze. If he succeeded, people would be able to leave Belobog and rebuild their homes in the Snow Plains.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010724_46-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010724_46-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you share his vision?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072438-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 193.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' To be honest, I never understood how he'd achieve that "Blizzard Immunity." But I do admire that vision and perseverance... I always chose to believe him, ever since I was a kid.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Brief silence)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072440-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 194.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I do admire his vision and perseverance, even though "Blizzard Immunity" always seemed unachievable to me.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201072441-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072441-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 195.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I knew his research in the Overworld wasn't going well. I used to write to him and ask him to come down and stay with the kids in the orphanage for a while. I thought it might help take his mind off his research.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 196.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' But I was too young to know what long-term frustration could do to a person. It changed him in a terrible way...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010724_54-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010724_54-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Changed him...?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072444-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 197.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' During his stay in the Underworld, he met patients affected by Fragmentum corrosion with mild symptoms. Compared with non-patients, their bodies reacted differently to hot and cold. And that fascinated Vache.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 198.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' He began to simulate mild Fragmentum corrosion, thinking that it could lead to breakthroughs in developing Blizzard Immunity.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 199.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Those reagents of his aren't cure-alls for critical illness &mdash; that doesn't exist. Vache made the reagents to mitigate the suffering of his patients in the short term &mdash; a convenient way for him to observe changes in his test subjects.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 200.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' But behind my back, he had been doling out the reagents to residents who were kept in the dark. When it finally struck me that something was wrong, his terrible research had already turned him into... into a madman.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010724_61-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010724_61-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He'd lost his last shred of humanity...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072449-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 201.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Indeed... and it all happened under my nose. How ridiculous &mdash; my judgment was clouded by trust in a loved one...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did nothing seem strange to you all that time?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072451-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 202.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I trusted Vache with all my heart. Funny, isn't it? And pathetic.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201072452-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072452-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 203.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' When his experiments were exposed, I spent a long time with Oleg discussing how to handle the aftermath.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 204.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' This was shortly before the Underworld was sealed off &mdash; there were hardly any Silvermane Guards remaining. We spent ages trying to find a way to handle Vache.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 205.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' In the end, Oleg suggested that we banish him and permanently deny him access to the Underworld.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 206.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Had his victims found out the truth, Vache would've been torn to pieces by furious Underworlders. I was young and weak at the time &mdash; Oleg must have worried about how I'd react to such a scenario, or he wouldn't have suggested banishment.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010724_68-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010724_68-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Banishment isn't a particularly harsh punishment...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072456-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 207.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' *sigh* Looking back, it wasn't. He deserved much worse...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You two did the right thing.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072458-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 208.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...I hope so. The day I learned the truth was the day I no longer recognized my brother.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201072460-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072460-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 209.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Oleg and I took Vache to the Overworld. He made his final request to us: To take him outside the city to the Snow Plains he'd always wanted to conquer.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 210.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' His figure gradually disappeared into the snow curtain... I've been telling myself that Vache is dead ever since.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 211 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 211 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Forgive me, (Trailblazer), I'm not good at telling stories. Vache was a terrible brother and a worse doctor... That's all you need to know.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 212.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Let's call it a day. Thank you for cleaning up the mess my brother left behind. Here &mdash; for your trouble.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070315-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:'''Natasha:''' I hope your exploration will make progress, (Trailblazer), and your journey will be free of pain.
:'''Natasha:''' Of course, even if you get injured by accident, no need to panic. Just leave it to the doctor.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{A|VO vo ambient w1 greeting natasha 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w1 greeting natasha 102.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' We meet again, (Trailblazer). How have you been?
:'''Natasha:''' With your help, the people here have regained hope. Reopening trade routes with the Overworld has given life new meaning for people who were once struggling just to get by.
:'''Natasha:''' Even though there're still many things to fix... it sure is a great start. And it's all thanks to you, Trailblazer.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140117--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150231-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029302: Config/Level/Mission/5010293/Act/Act501029302.json-->
::'''Natasha:''' We meet again, (Trailblazer). How have you been?
::'''Natasha:''' With your help, the people here have regained hope. Reopening trade routes with the Overworld has given life new meaning for people who were once struggling just to get by.
::'''Natasha:''' Even though there're still many things to fix... it sure is a great start. And it's all thanks to you, Trailblazer.
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 201140117--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101150231-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029301: Config/Level/Mission/5010293/Act/Act501029301.json-->
::'''Natasha:''' I hope your exploration will make progress, (Trailblazer), and your journey will be free of pain.
::'''Natasha:''' Of course, even if you get injured by accident, no need to panic. Just leave it to the doctor.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003709-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Please give me some management advice...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 405003007: Config/Level/Mission/4050030/Act/Act405003007.json-->
::'''Natasha:''' Management? Over the years, I have accumulated some experience in Wildfire, but it can't really be called management. I just leave professional things to professional people.
::'''Natasha:''' For example, the order in the Underworld used to be maintained by Wildfire, but in the future we will hand it back to the Silvermane Guards. After all, they are professionals.
::'''Natasha:''' With them, we can be free to deal with other affairs. In this way, the Underworld people can not only get the protection of the Silvermane Guards, but also get our help.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_405003709-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} About Junjun...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090104: Config/Level/Mission/2010901/Act/Act201090104.json-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 113.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Stupid, witchy old... Natasha! Hehe, h&mdash;have you finished fixing Junjun?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 101.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Oh, your teddy bear? Hehe... He's nearly done. Here, take a look at him.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 114.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Wow... He looks brand-new! Natasha, you're incredible.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 102 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Glad to be of service. Now then... did you really bring (Trailblazer) over here with you just to pick up Junjun? Come on now, what are you guys up to this time?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 115.ogg}} '''Hook:''' We're going to the auct...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 116.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Ah... n&mdash;no! That's not what we're going to do!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're going to the auction...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090608-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 117.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Hey! You bigmouth!
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 103.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...The auction, the one at the vagrant camp?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're going to look for Julian and play hide-and seek-with him.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090611-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 118.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Uh... yeah, that's right!
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 104.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The auction... right Hook? The one at the vagrant camp?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're not up to anything!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090614-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 105.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...You've been spending too much time with Hook.
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 104.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The auction... right Hook? The one at the vagrant camp?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201090616-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090616-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 107.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' So you made me go through all this effort to repair Junjun just so you could sell him...?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 119.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I... uh... Psst, honorary member! Think of something!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Commencing plan "think of something."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think we should give up...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090620-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 108.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hehe, you two make an adorable duo.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 109.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I was only joking, Hook. Junjun is yours, and it's entirely up to you what you do with him. But you must make one promise to me...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 120.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Wh&mdash;What is it?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 110.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Don't go charging into the Fragmentum again. Mr. Fersman heard about what you did and came to me to find out what happened.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 111.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Your dad worries about you &mdash; stop giving him reasons to.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 121.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Daddy... Aw... Okay, I swear I'll never make Natasha or daddy worry again.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 112 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 112 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' (Trailblazer), I'm going to have to trouble you to keep an eye on this kid again. You seem to be doing a good job, so I'll leave it at that.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 113.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Off you go then, and good luck.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 122.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Thanks, Natasha! Honorary member, let's head to the auction!
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201090104-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Hook and I are back...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090208: Config/Level/Mission/2010902/Act/Act201090208.json-->
::----
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 237.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Natasha!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 128.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hook, you look very happy. Did something good happen?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 238.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Mine and daddy's birthday party is starting soon! Can you help me wrap up this gift! I wanna surprise daddy!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 129.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' *sigh* You rascal... You only come and find me in situations like this.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 239.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Pleeease Natasha! I'll help you clean the clinic for... half a month if you help me!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 130.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Deal. I can't believe you won such a valuable item. Junjun must have fetched a small fortune, huh?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We persuaded lots of people to bid on him.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Natasha's craftsmanship was very popular.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090909-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 131.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Even with the erebus, you must've put in a lot of effort to get such a good price?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 132.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Fersman will be very happy with his gift.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 133 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 133 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' By the way, Hook, how are your birthday party plans coming along? Have you invited this {{MC|f=young lady|m=young man}}?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 233 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 233 f.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Oh! Not yet! (Trailblazer), do you wanna come to my birthday party?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090914-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 234.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Great!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I say no?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090916-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 235.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Of course not! All members of The Moles must obey Pitch-Dark Hook the Great's commands!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201090917-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090917-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 236.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I'll contact the other members of The Moles too. Come find me when you're ready &mdash; we'll go together!
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201090208-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090213-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Hook and I are back...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090213: Config/Level/Mission/2010902/Act/Act201090213.json-->
::----
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 225.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Natasha!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 116.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hook, what's wrong? Has someone been bullying you?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 226.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Mine and daddy's birthday party is starting soon, but I haven't bought daddy his gift yet...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 117.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' So... the auction didn't go too well, huh?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} There are quite a lot of rich people in the Underworld.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090806-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 118.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' It's true. It's ridiculous that a single probe can fetch 750 shield.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You tried your best, Hook.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090808-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 119.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' You made a very high bid... The problem is that there are a lot of wealthy people lurking in the Underworld.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201090809-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090809-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 227.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Huh!? You were at the auction too, Natasha?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 120.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hook, you're upset that you don't have a gift for your daddy, right? Well, what about this?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 228.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 229.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Ah! It's... the Geomarrow Probe from the auction! How did you get it?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That mysterious high-bidding stranger...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090814-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's a rich person's world...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090816-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 121.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I wasn't planning on saying anything... but I saw a couple of very sad-looking faces in the crowd.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201090817-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090817-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 123.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' What do you think, Hook? Are you willing to buy the Geomarrow Probe from me?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 230.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...Th&mdash;This is all the money we got for Junjun. Here, it's all yours!
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 124.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Let's have a count. Hmm, doesn't seem to be enough...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 231.ogg}} '''Hook:''' ...Hook could also help Natasha clean the clinic for... half a month?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 125.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Three months.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 232.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Th&mdash;Three months!? Witchy old... Natasha, let's negotiate...
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 126.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Ah-uh, no bargaining.
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 127 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 127 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' By the way, Hook, how are your birthday party plans coming along? Have you invited this {{MC|f=young lady|m=young man}}?
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 233 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 233 f.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Oh! Not yet! (Trailblazer), do you wanna come to my birthday party?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090827-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 234.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Great!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I say no?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090829-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 235.ogg}} '''Hook:''' Of course not! All members of The Moles must obey Pitch-Dark Hook the Great's commands!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201090830-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201090830-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 hook 236.ogg}} '''Hook:''' I'll contact the other members of The Moles too. Come find me when you're ready &mdash; we'll go together!
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201090213-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090213-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Need any help, Dr. Natasha?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070301: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070301.json-->
::----
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201070101-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070101-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 101 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' You came at a good time, (Trailblazer), there is something you can help me with.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 102.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' According to my patient records, there are a few that haven't come for their follow-up visits. It happens from time to time, but never as regularly as this. I'm a bit concerned...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 103.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Have you heard of the Complex Illness Mutual Aid Society?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010701_10-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010701_10-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds like a charitable organization.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds suspicious...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070107-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 104.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Mm, I agree.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201070108-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070108-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 105.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Generally speaking, mutual aid societies like these allow patients to share their experiences and support each other. It's a way of countering all the negative emotional effects of being ill... But there might be more to this society than that.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 106.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I've got a few patients who've started refusing treatment since joining the society... It certainly makes you wonder.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 107.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The most suspicious part is that no matter how much I ask, no one's ever willing to tell me anything about it... and that's where you might be able to help.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010701_18-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010701_18-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Got it, you want me to go undercover.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070112-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 108.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...It sounds dangerous, but what I want you to do is actually very simple. Investigate this so-called "Mutual Aid Society" and find out what exactly they're up to.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do I need to be ill before I can make inquiries?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070114-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 109.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...That won't be necessary, but it will help if you pretend to be a patient. Help me investigate this so-called "Mutual Aid Society" and find out exactly what they're up to.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What should I do?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070116-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 110.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hmm... Pretend to be a patient. Help me investigate this so-called "Mutual Aid Society" and find out exactly what they're up to.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201070118-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070118-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 111.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If I find out they're preventing me from doing my job... or if they're bringing harm to my patients... I won't just sit on the sidelines.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 112 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 112 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Can I entrust you with this task, (Trailblazer)?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010701_28-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010701_28-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem, leave it with me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have I ever refused you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070121-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 113 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 113 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' You're as considerate as always, (Trailblazer).
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201070122-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070122-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 114.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' This little clinic has huge numbers of patients to deal with every day... If I didn't have you here to help me out, I wouldn't be able to focus on giving them quality care.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 115 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 115 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Good luck, (Trailblazer). I'll be sure to thank you properly when you're back.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070301-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070305-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090213-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Explain what you found out about the mutual aid society.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070305: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070305.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201070801-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070801-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 116.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 117.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' So the mutual aid society found my bro&mdash; ...Vache's research results... and now they're selling this so-called "wonder medicine" to patients...?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 118.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Any organization doing something like that is interested in more than just "mutual aid..."
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010708_10-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010708_10-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The patients wanted me to keep it a secret from you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070806-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 119.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm not surprised. They'll know that I'm completely against them using this "wonder medicine..."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The patient said he was willing to take the risk.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070808-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 120.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...As a doctor, I don't accept that &mdash; I'm responsible for their well-being. My attitude towards this "wonder medicine" won't change.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201070809-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201070809-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 121.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' What Vache left behind is nothing more than reagents and experimental by-products... The word "medicine" doesn't apply here.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 122.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I warned the patients countless times, but it seems like they had their heads in the sand all along... No wonder they kept the mutual aid society a secret from me.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 123 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 123 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer). Those patients weren't exactly singing my praises &mdash; thank you for having faith in me.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 124.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If you're curious about Vache's wonder medicine, you should ask some of the patients in the clinic... see what they have to say about the effects.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070305-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070307-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070305-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090213-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I'm finished talking with patients.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070307: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070307.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201071501-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071501-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 135.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...I still haven't worked out how to convey it to you, the issues surrounding Vache. My relationship with him... the things he's done in the Underworld... it's a long story.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 136 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 136 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm guessing you've heard a lot of different opinions on Vache. What do you make of him, (Trailblazer)?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010715_8-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010715_8-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think he was a doctor with zero medical ethics.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's tough for me to say.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think he's insane.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071506-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 137.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I see... I can understand that.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201071507-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071507-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 138 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 138 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' (Trailblazer), I want you to go and visit another patient &mdash; a victim of the wonder medicine... I want you to see the real consequences of abusing that medicine.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 139.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Once you've understood her situation, come back and tell me what you think. After that... I want to ask for your help again.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070307-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070327-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070307-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070305-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090213-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Explain what you found out about the mutual aid society.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070327: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070327.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201071201-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071201-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 125.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 126.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' So the mutual aid society found my bro&mdash; ...Vache's research results... and now they're selling this so-called "wonder medicine" to patients...?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 127.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Any organization doing something like that is interested in more than just "mutual aid..."
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010712_10-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010712_10-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The patients wanted me to keep it a secret from you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071206-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 128.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm not surprised. They'll know that I'm completely against them using this "wonder medicine..."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The patient said he was willing to take the risk.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071208-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 129.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...As a doctor, I don't accept that &mdash; I'm responsible for their well-being. My attitude towards this "wonder medicine" won't change.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201071209-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071209-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 130.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' What Vache left behind is nothing more than reagents and experimental by-products... The word "medicine" doesn't apply here.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 131.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I warned the patients countless times, but it seems like they had their heads in the sand all along... No wonder they kept the mutual aid society a secret from me.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 132.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm guessing the patients you met weren't exactly singing my praises, which is why you tracked the dealer down and made inquiries first.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 133 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 133 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I don't blame you, (Trailblazer). After everything you heard, I'm grateful you came back to find me. Your trust is important to me.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 134.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If you're curious about Vache's wonder medicine, you should ask some of the patients in the clinic... see what they have to say about the effects.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070327-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070311-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070327-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070307-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070305-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090213-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I'm back.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070311: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070311.json-->
::----
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201071901-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071901-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 140 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 140 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Did you speak to her, (Trailblazer)?
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 141.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' By the look on your face... I'm assuming you've come to understand the wonder medicine all too well.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010719_8-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010719_8-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The people selling that stuff are devils.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Those medicine dealers prey on our weaknesses...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071905-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 142.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 143.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Be it Vache or the mutual aid society &mdash; forces like that can take full advantage of the... the typical Underworld state of mind.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 144 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 144 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Let me tell you a story, (Trailblazer).
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 145.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' There was once a brilliant Overworld doctor with unmatched pharmaceutical skill.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 146.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The doctor was set on developing a medicine that would steel the human body against the cold. He named his research project "Blizzard Immunity."
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 147.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' But his research met with obstruction time and time again, the biggest factor being a lack of test subjects. Tampering with the human immune system carries huge risk, and nobody in the Overworld was willing to submit themselves to such experiments.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 148.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' As such, the doctor got in touch with his sister in the Underworld... claiming that he wanted to support the medical effort below ground.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010719_19-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010719_19-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} And then...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071914-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 149.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Naturally, his sister was overjoyed. After all, as far as medicine was concerned, her brother had always been the standard she'd strived to attain.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 150.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' She brought her brother underground and entrusted him with her clinic and laboratory...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 151.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...I think you know what comes next.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010719_26-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010719_26-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sorry that I doubted you before...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's hard to believe he was your brother...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071919-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 152.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Issuing free medicine to the needy was just Vache's way of conducting experiments on his test subjects.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 153.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' On some level, his reagents were able to alleviate the patients' suffering... but nothing more. They would forget their pain for a while, and neglect their regular treatment plans...
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 154.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' The result... patients with mild illness would attribute their recovery to the so-called wonder medicine, while patients with serious illness would quickly deteriorate... and sometimes die.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 155 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 155 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I cannot accept that their fate was simply the result of misfortune or risk, (Trailblazer). No true doctor would accept that.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 156.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' That's why I want you to help me recover all the wonder medicine. Are you willing to take on this assignment?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010719_35-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010719_35-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Somebody has to do the right thing.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not my preferred course of action, but...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071926-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 157.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...But it's impossible to sit on the sidelines, right?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201071927-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201071927-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 158 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 158 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer).
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 159.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' This will be hard for the people that have come to rely on the wonder medicine... but it's up to us to remove this false hope.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 160.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' You mustn't hesitate &mdash; recover every last reagent that Vache left behind. I'll take responsibility for the consequences &mdash; don't worry about that.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 161 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 161 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Go, (Trailblazer). I'll be waiting for the good news.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070311-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070315-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070311-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070327-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070307-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070305-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090213-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Nat...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201070317: Config/Level/Mission/2010703/Act/Act201070317.json-->
::----
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201072401-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072401-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 177 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 177 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Oh... (Trailblazer), you're here. I apologize, that must have made for uncomfortable viewing.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010724_21-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010724_21-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you okay?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072417-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 178.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Mm... I'm okay. If I were in his shoes, I may well have had the same reaction. Now I need to focus on treating the patients, and dispelling their doubts.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd like to straighten out that loudmouth myself!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072419-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 179.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Don't let your emotions get the better of you. If I were in his shoes, I might well have had the same reaction. Now I need to focus on treating the patients, and dispelling their doubts.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201072420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072420-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 180.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Let's leave it for now. I'll feel a lot better once I've gotten rid of this mess that Vache left us.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 181.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Now's as good a time as any to tell you Vache's whole story.
::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 182.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If there's anything you want to know, don't hesitate to ask.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010724_30-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010724_30-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Was he your biological brother?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072424-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 183.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' No... but I used to think we were so close that we may as well have been...
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 184.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I actually grew up in the orphanage. It wasn't until I was adopted by an Overworld family that life changed for me.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 185.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' My adoptive mother always saw me as her own flesh and blood, and Vache loved me like a sister... that is, while we were still young.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 186.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' My adoptive parents belonged to a prominent medical family &mdash; as kids, we were exposed to all kinds of medical texts. When we were older, both of us got straight into Belobog's medical school. We were on a path into the medical profession.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What kind of person was Vache?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072429-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 187.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' He was gentle and introverted. But when it came to work he could be absurdly obsessive... like a completely different person.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 188.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Whenever I made a mistake in an experiment, he'd bite my head off... and then a while later, he'd apologize and comfort me. He was conflicted in that way.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} So you knew this medicine was his work?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072432-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 189.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I didn't know he had leftover reagents in Rivet Town. I was shocked when you told me.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 190.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If you fail to make a clean break with the past, the past creeps up on you...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did he...really pass away?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072435-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 191.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' *sigh* That's a long story... Ever since he was little, Vache had always wanted to develop a medicine called "Blizzard Immunity."
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 192.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' He saw the human body's vulnerability to cold as a disease, and wanted to cure it so that humanity could survive the Eternal Freeze. If he succeeded, people would be able to leave Belobog and rebuild their homes in the Snow Plains.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010724_46-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010724_46-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you share his vision?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072438-->
::::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 193.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' To be honest, I never understood how he'd achieve that "Blizzard Immunity." But I do admire that vision and perseverance... I always chose to believe him, ever since I was a kid.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Brief silence)
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072440-->
::::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 194.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I do admire his vision and perseverance, even though "Blizzard Immunity" always seemed unachievable to me.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201072441-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072441-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 195.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I knew his research in the Overworld wasn't going well. I used to write to him and ask him to come down and stay with the kids in the orphanage for a while. I thought it might help take his mind off his research.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 196.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' But I was too young to know what long-term frustration could do to a person. It changed him in a terrible way...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010724_54-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010724_54-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Changed him...?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072444-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 197.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' During his stay in the Underworld, he met patients affected by Fragmentum corrosion with mild symptoms. Compared with non-patients, their bodies reacted differently to hot and cold. And that fascinated Vache.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 198.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' He began to simulate mild Fragmentum corrosion, thinking that it could lead to breakthroughs in developing Blizzard Immunity.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 199.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Those reagents of his aren't cure-alls for critical illness &mdash; that doesn't exist. Vache made the reagents to mitigate the suffering of his patients in the short term &mdash; a convenient way for him to observe changes in his test subjects.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 200.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' But behind my back, he had been doling out the reagents to residents who were kept in the dark. When it finally struck me that something was wrong, his terrible research had already turned him into... into a madman.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010724_61-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010724_61-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} He'd lost his last shred of humanity...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072449-->
::::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 201.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Indeed... and it all happened under my nose. How ridiculous &mdash; my judgment was clouded by trust in a loved one...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did nothing seem strange to you all that time?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072451-->
::::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 202.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I trusted Vache with all my heart. Funny, isn't it? And pathetic.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201072452-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072452-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 203.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' When his experiments were exposed, I spent a long time with Oleg discussing how to handle the aftermath.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 204.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' This was shortly before the Underworld was sealed off &mdash; there were hardly any Silvermane Guards remaining. We spent ages trying to find a way to handle Vache.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 205.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' In the end, Oleg suggested that we banish him and permanently deny him access to the Underworld.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 206.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Had his victims found out the truth, Vache would've been torn to pieces by furious Underworlders. I was young and weak at the time &mdash; Oleg must have worried about how I'd react to such a scenario, or he wouldn't have suggested banishment.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010724_68-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010724_68-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Banishment isn't a particularly harsh punishment...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072456-->
::::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 207.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' *sigh* Looking back, it wasn't. He deserved much worse...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You two did the right thing.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072458-->
::::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 208.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...I hope so. The day I learned the truth was the day I no longer recognized my brother.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201072460-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201072460-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 209.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Oleg and I took Vache to the Overworld. He made his final request to us: To take him outside the city to the Snow Plains he'd always wanted to conquer.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 210.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' His figure gradually disappeared into the snow curtain... I've been telling myself that Vache is dead ever since.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 211 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 211 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Forgive me, (Trailblazer), I'm not good at telling stories. Vache was a terrible brother and a worse doctor... That's all you need to know.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts1 natasha 212.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Let's call it a day. Thank you for cleaning up the mess my brother left behind. Here &mdash; for your trouble.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::----
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::----
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201070315-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090414-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070315-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070311-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070327-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070307-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070305-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090213-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} (Tell Natasha about Kluzer)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090414: Config/Level/Mission/2010904/Act201090414.json-->
::'''Natasha:''' So the anonymous donor was Kluzer...
::'''Natasha:''' Oh, I remember helping him with the diagnosis when he was so weakened by that suit of armor.
::'''Natasha:''' I never approved of how he risked his life like that. I can't imagine how strong-willed he must be to manage to do all this in his condition.
::'''Natasha:''' But why would he risk his life this much and be this generous? All this for what, exactly?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} To provide a better life for his wife and children?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027306-->
:::'''Natasha:''' His financials didn't seem that good, and yet he donated so much to us at the clinic, which just doesn't make sense...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027308-->
:::'''Natasha:''' Hmm... let me think about this...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101027310-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027310-->
::'''Natasha:''' Did he leave any other clues?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (you hand over Kluzer's letter and anonymous package)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027311-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201090414-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140101-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090414-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070315-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070311-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070327-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070307-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070305-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090213-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Nat, do you have something to ask?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201140101: Config/Level/Mission/2011401/Act/Act201140101.json-->
::----
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201149001-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201149001-->
::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 101 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' (Trailblazer), can I talk to you for a moment? I have a favor to ask. Something... rather personal.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2011490_7-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2011490_7-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course, Nat.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140101-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 103.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I want to thank you again for recovering the wonder medicine. It meant a lot to me.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 104.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' But disposing of Vache's reagents isn't enough to solve the medical supply shortage. Many of my patients can't be seen promptly, and my stock of medicine is running low.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 105.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Thanks to you, the route to the Overworld through the Furnace Core has reopened. I'd like to use it to return to the surface and see if I can get some help.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2011401_9-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2011401_9-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Help from whom?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140105-->
::::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 106.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I knew you'd be interested.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} If you need recovery meds, I've got some in my bag...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140107-->
::::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 107 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 107 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hehe, funny as always, (Trailblazer).
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201140108-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140108-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 108.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Remember my adoptive parents I mentioned to you a while ago?
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 109.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' After the reopening of the Furnace Core passage, I had an idea. I wrote a letter and asked Sampo to deliver it to my parents' old address.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 110.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I didn't have high hopes, but amazingly, Sampo brought me my mother's reply.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2011401_18-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2011401_18-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sampo being a gentleman... a rare occurrence...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140112-->
::::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 111.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Hehe, that's exactly what I thought when I got her letter.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sampo couldn't have forged it, could he?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140114-->
::::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 112.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' No, I recognize my family's handwriting. We are all doctors after all.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201140115-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140115-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 113.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Mom said they still live at the old house, but they're not working on the front lines anymore. They should still have some connections in the medical school and the hospital, though.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 114.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If I'm lucky, maybe I can convince them to send extra medical supplies to the Underworld.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 115.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Of course, that's not the only reason for me to go back to the surface... I can't wait to visit my parents again, and I can tell from my mom's letter that they feel the same.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 116 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 116 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' If possible, I would like you to go with me, (Trailblazer).
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2011401_28-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2011401_28-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I won't say no to you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201140121-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 117.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' ...Wonderful, that's such a relief.
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 118.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I've sent another letter to my mom telling her to find us near Fountain Plaza. Don't worry, I know my way around the Administrative District.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I have other things to attend to...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201149004-->
:::{{A|VO Side1 nts2 natasha 102.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' It's okay, I understand. You must have some important things on your plate? Don't let them get ahead of you.
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090122-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140101-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090414-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070315-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070311-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070327-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070307-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070305-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090213-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Any other advice you want to give?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201090122: Config/Level/Mission/2010901/Act/Act201090122.json-->
::{{A|VO Side1 hk3 natasha 113.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Off you go then, and good luck.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201090122-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140501-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090122-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140101-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090414-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070315-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070311-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070327-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070307-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070305-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090213-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Doctor Natasha, we're back...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 201140501: Config/Level/Mission/2011405/Act/Act201140501.json-->
::----
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 108.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I see... Thanks for bringing me up to speed. The clinic has been busy while you were gone. We've treated many people &mdash; soldiers and civilians alike.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 109.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' All in all, I owe everyone a big thank you. It would've been much harder if Wildfire had operated alone.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 110.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Thanks to Captain Gepard, we managed to keep our losses to a minimum. I'm sure people will begin to appreciate the Silvermane Guards after this battle.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What about me?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Serval helped too!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101028206-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 111.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Haha, how could I forget about you two? We couldn't have done it without your help.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 302.ogg}} '''Serval:''' You're too kind, they deserve the real credit. I doubt I'd have come back in one piece without them.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 112.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Sounds like you went through a lot of danger... Are you hurt, Miss Serval? I can have a look if you like.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 303.ogg}} '''Serval:''' I'm alright, don't worry! Everything worked out eventually. Let's wait for the rest of them to get back...
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 272.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' Miss Natasha, we've returned.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 serval 304.ogg}} '''Serval:''' Is that Gepard?
::----
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101028213-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101028213-->
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 273.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' ...Mr. Oleg has a pretty good handle on what's needed in the mine.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 gepard 274.ogg}} '''Gepard:''' He's arranging for rescue teams and supplies to be sent over. He won't be back for a while.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 113.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Looks like you guys have the situation under control. Thank you.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 114.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' *sigh* I'd love to sit down and chat with all of you, but I still have a backlog of patients to see.
::{{A|VO Side1 ld1 natasha 115.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Oh, there was a girl and her brother who said you saved their lives. You might want to check on them and see how they're doing.
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201140501-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 301150203-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140501-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090122-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140101-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090414-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070315-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070311-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070327-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070307-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070305-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090213-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Can you write a sick leave letter...?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 301150203: Config/Level/Mission/3011502/Act/Act301150203.json-->
::{{Black Screen|Telling Natasha about Agnes' request...}}
::'''Natasha:''' Hahaha... The Rightful Rights Society. I haven't heard that name for a long time.
::'''Natasha:''' I usually don't write such letters because of professional ethics... But I know everyone in the Society has their own reasons.
::'''Natasha:''' Here's the letter. No guarantees this will pass any detailed scrutiny, though.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_301150203-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 101150111-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 301150203-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140501-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090122-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201140101-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090414-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070315-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070311-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070327-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070307-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070305-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201070301-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090213-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090208-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201090104-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Doctor Natasha, we're back...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 101150111: Config/Level/Mission/1011501/Act/Act101150111.json-->
::{{A|VO chapter1 10 natasha 212.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Oh, is everyone alright? Thanks for your help.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe next time we can send a group notification...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027938-->
:::{{A|VO chapter1 10 natasha 213.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Haha. Sometimes face-to-face communication is more meaningful, don't you think?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} For you, anything.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027940-->
:::{{A|VO chapter1 10 natasha 214 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 10 natasha 214 f.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I'm flattered, (Trailblazer).
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_101027941-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_101027941-->
::{{A|VO chapter1 10 natasha 215.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' Now we just have to wait for the official news. I hope Bronya doesn't keep us too long.
::{{A|VO chapter1 10 mar7th 257.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Huh... do you think Svarog and Clara felt the effects of our battle with the guardian?
::{{A|VO chapter1 10 natasha 216.ogg}} '''Natasha:''' I think they'll be fine... Plus Svarog's devotion to Clara is even greater than his hostility to Wildfire. If you're worried, you could look for them over at the robot settlement.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_101150111-->
;(If {{Mission|Future Market (II)|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon}} Are you happy with how the IPC are handling things?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029306: Config/Level/Mission/5010293/Act/Act501029306.json-->
::'''Natasha:''' Honestly, ever since the IPC decided to get involved, we've ceased to have any freedom to make our own decisions. If it weren't for the mercy of Miss Topaz, the current situation would be a lot more dire.
::'''Natasha:''' Unawed when faced with overwhelming power and malevolence, fighting to get any advantage she can &mdash; Bronya has proven her outstanding qualities as a Supreme Guardian. My opinion of her has only improved.
::'''Natasha:''' This planet needs time. The rights that Topaz has fought to earn us may not last forever. We need to speed up our progress in case the IPC someday backtracks on its commitments.
::'''Natasha:''' Although, there is nothing more comforting than knowing that the fate of Belobog still lays in the hands of its children.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029306-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140117--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150231-->)
:{{DIcon}} Let's talk, Natasha.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029303: Config/Level/Mission/5010293/Act/Act501029303.json-->
::'''Natasha:''' You want to talk with me? Any time.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_501029301_19-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_501029301_19-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How's everyone going down in the Underworld?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029310-->
:::'''Natasha:''' Busy, and well. Not everyone can just get used to all the changes so fast, and some businesses might be impacted by the lifting of the blockade...
:::'''Natasha:''' But I haven't heard any complaints at all. I think everyone in the Underworld knows that freedom is hard-earned &mdash; and worth cherishing.
:::'''Natasha:''' You've rekindled hope for them... for us. You know the saying: "As long as we put in the hard work, life will pay out dividends." I believe that.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have lots of people been getting sick?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029314-->
:::'''Natasha:''' ...The clinic's still packed with patients. Even though there're better medical facilities and more health staff up in the Overworlds...
:::'''Natasha:''' Most people down from the Underworld can't afford expensive medical bills. And as far as I know... They don't really trust those Overworld doctors.
:::'''Natasha:''' I've been talking it over with Mom, and she'll do her best to give medical support for the Underworld people. But will all those patients who're used to my style... be able to make that change?
:::'''Natasha:''' Wherever there are people, so there must be pain and sickness. As long as I can still move these arms and legs of mine, I'll keep performing my duty as a doctor.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About your brother...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029319-->
:::'''Natasha:''' Ah, Vache. I want to thank you again for that.
:::'''Natasha:''' I sometimes get this thought popping up in my head &mdash; if I had the chance to go back in time, could I have stopped him from being led astray...
:::'''Natasha:''' But such thoughts only last for a second. We can't change the past &mdash; we're constantly making choices and mistakes on this one-way journey into the future that we call life... and also taking responsibility for our actions.
:::'''Natasha:''' Vache has paid the price for his crimes. Fortunately, he'd turned things around before the end of his life, leaving his research behind for the good of the city.
:::'''Natasha:''' For better or for worse, such a life is so complete that I don't have to feel sorry for him anymore.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the future of Wildfire...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029325-->
:::'''Natasha:''' To be honest, after you brought news of the victory, my first reaction was... Wildfire's mission after all these years is finally over.
:::'''Natasha:''' There are some things I can't say to our younger members &mdash; but with you I can be completely candid.
:::'''Natasha:''' The job of maintaining public order down in the Underworld will one day be handed back to the Silvermane Guards. Wildfire came out of the community, and will ultimately return to the community.
:::'''Natasha:''' Ah, that all sounds a little sad. However, Wildfire will remain active in the Underworld for the foreseeable future. After all, there's too much trouble out there that needs someone to help handle.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Nice chat.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501029330-->
:::'''Natasha:''' It's always a pleasure to talk with you, (Trailblazer).
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::----
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201140101-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::----
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::----
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::----
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029303-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 201140117--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101150231-->)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} So long, Natasha.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029304: Config/Level/Mission/5010293/Act/Act501029304.json-->
::'''Natasha:''' Goodbye, (Trailblazer). The doors of our clinic will always be wide open for you.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029304-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 201140117--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101150231-->)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Farewell, Natasha.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501029305: Config/Level/Mission/5010293/Act/Act501029305.json-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501029305-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 800125201-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Are you interested in volunteering at the museum?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 800125201: Config/Level/Mission/8001252/Act/Act800125201.json-->
::'''Natasha:''' You mean the Belobog History and Culture Museum? I didn't realize it was opening back up again.
::'''Natasha:''' Come to think of it, when I was young I used to pester my foster parents about going there all the time... I never thought such a day would come.
::'''Natasha:''' So then, how do I become a volunteer? I'd love to help out, but surely there's an application form of some sort to fill out?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes. Here is your application form.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195606-->
:::'''Natasha:''' "Application Form for Volunteer Guides"... Hehe, it does look very official.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah... But shouldn't you be watching the clinic?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195608-->
:::'''Natasha:''' Hehe, it's fine. Charice Hospital sent us a lot of staff from the Overworld to help out, so the clinic's in good hands.
:::'''Natasha:''' Anyway, I need to fill out this "Application Form for Volunteer Guides"... right? Hehe, it does look really official.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201195610-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195610-->
::'''Natasha:''' I'll go ahead and fill this out then. Just give me one moment...
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerSound",
	"SoundName": {
		"Value": "Ev_sfx_belobog_paper_writting"
	},
	"EmitterType": "LocalPlayer"
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"IsDynamic": false,
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 190453
		}
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201195611-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195611-->
::'''Natasha:''' All done. Where do I submit the application?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Give it to Miss Eris at the museum reception.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195613-->
:::'''Natasha:''' Miss Eris... Got it. Once I've settled everything, I'll be off.
:::'''Natasha:''' But, could I please ask you to accompany me to the museum? With you looking after me, I don't think I'll run into any trouble.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll turn in the form for you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195616-->
:::'''Natasha:''' Hehe, I appreciate the gesture.
:::'''Natasha:''' But it just so happens that I want to go to the museum anyway... It's a rare opportunity. So can I go with you?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_800125201_29-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_800125201_29-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of course. Let's go.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195619-->
:::'''Natasha:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer). Then let's go.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll wait for you at the museum reception.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201195621-->
:::'''Natasha:''' Okay, thank you. Let's meet up at the museum.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::----
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201140101-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_800125201-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_405300702)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_405300702-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_301150522)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_301150522-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Natasha
|zhs  = 娜塔莎
|zht  = 娜塔莎
|ja   = ナターシャ
|ko   = 나타샤
|es   = Natasha
|fr   = Natasha
|ru   = Наташа
|th   = Natasha
|vi   = Natasha
|de   = Natasha
|id   = Natasha
|pt   = Natasha
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}