<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Wilder#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Festival Operations Manager
|image           = NPC Wilder.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Jarilo-VI
|location        = Old Weapon Testing Ground
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Wilder''' is an NPC on [[Jarilo-VI]], located in [[Old Weapon Testing Ground]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Old Weapon Testing Ground|npc_17_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501031401: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P20136/NPCAct/Act501031401.json-->
::{{A|VO vo ambient w1 greeting wilder 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w1 greeting wilder 102.ogg}} '''Wilder:''' Hey, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} (Trailblazer)! Welcome to the Interastral Tournament Festival! The tournament is over, though.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501031402: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P20136/NPCAct/Act501031402.json-->
::'''Wilder:''' Hey, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} (Trailblazer)! Welcome to the Interastral Tournament Festival! The tournament is over, though.
:'''Wilder:''' However, you can use this terminal to edit your information and lineup, and compete against players worldwide. Anything you need, just let me know!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 801413901-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Let's have a "Hyperlink Match"!
::'''Wilder:''' A challenge from the Champion? What an honor! Let's do it.
::'''Wilder:''' I've been playing this game for so long, I won't be beaten easily!
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.AetherDivide.AetherChallenge.AetherChallengePage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"Param": {
		"Value": "19"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon}} Can we talk...?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501031403: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P20136/NPCAct/Act501031403.json-->
::'''Wilder:''' Sure thing! What's on your mind?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_501031403_31-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_501031403_31-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you like this game?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031411-->
:::'''Wilder:''' Oh, absolutely positively so! Let me tell you how I started playing this game! Well, it actually started with my father's generation.
:::'''Wilder:''' My father was a hardcore gamer who introduced my twin brother and me to gaming at a young age, and Aetherium Wars was the first game we ever played.
:::'''Wilder:''' I've tried many other games since then, including blockbusters from top-notch developers, but Aetherium Wars, despite its somewhat dated graphics, has stuck with me the longest.
:::'''Wilder:''' As for why... I think the game itself is fascinating and has consistent updates, but more importantly, it holds sentimental value and that's what makes it special to me...
:::'''Wilder:''' Anyway, this game was a big part of my childhood, and it's only natural to have a soft spot for it, right? Hahaha.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you enjoy your job?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031417-->
:::'''Wilder:''' You mean working as an operator for the Interastral Tournament Festival? Yeah, I do enjoy it.
:::'''Wilder:''' Contributing to a game you love is the greatest dream for any gamer. Don't you agree?
:::'''Wilder:''' While standing here day and night to greet players does take a toll on my body, but... hey! It's Aetherium Wars! Whenever I think of that, it doesn't feel so bad anymore.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can we talk about IPC?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031421-->
:::'''Wilder:''' Haha, sure thing! I don't know much about the headquarters, so let's just talk about my daily work and life.
:::'''Wilder:''' After graduating from Owenley, I got a job with the Marketing Development Department, where I work together with my twin brother Velite.
:::'''Wilder:''' It's been about four... no, five years since then. Can you believe we've even crossed into a new Amber Era? Hahaha.
:::'''Wilder:''' To be honest, I enjoy my job. While it can be exhausting at times, Director Topaz has been treating me well. My brother is now working for another director named Jade, and he's having a hard time...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's stop here for now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031426-->
:::'''Wilder:''' Have a great time!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501031403-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't need anything else. Thank you.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501031404: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P20136/NPCAct/Act501031404.json-->
::'''Wilder:''' Have a great time!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501031404-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Wilder
|zhs  = 维尔德
|zht  = 維爾德
|ja   = ワイルダー
|ko   = 와일더
|es   = Wilder
|fr   = Wilder
|ru   = Уайлдер
|th   = Wilder
|vi   = Wilder
|de   = Wilder
|id   = Wilder
|pt   = Wilder
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}