<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Alley#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Hotel Reception
|image           = NPC Alley.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Reality)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Alley''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Reality)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Reality)|npc_22_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503030001: Config/Level/Mission/5030300/Act/Act503030001.json-->
::'''Alley:''' Welcome to The Reverie, dear guest. How may I assist you?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503030001_10-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503030001_10-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to learn about my room.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030003-->
:::'''Alley:''' Certainly. Since you are a valued guest of The Family, your room is Platinum Suite 666, located in Zone 12 of the Red Heart.
:::'''Alley:''' Our suites feature multi-story and well-sealed structures. Each suite contains a separate parlor and provides 24/7 drink and performance service.
:::'''Alley:''' If you need to change rooms or check out, please submit your request via your Dreamscape Pass, and we will process it within one working day.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the previous incident...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030007-->
:::'''Alley:''' We apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced. We will refine our workflow and enhance our service quality to ensure that you can fully enjoy your trip.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030009-->
:::'''Alley:''' You're welcome. I'm ready to answer any questions you may have about the hotel. It is an honor for all The Family's members to serve you.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::'''Alley:''' We wish you a pleasant stay in Penacony.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503030002: Config/Level/Mission/5030300/Act/Act503030002.json-->
::'''Alley:''' Welcome to The Reverie, dear guest. How may I assist you?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Open NPC Menu-->
::{{DIcon}} Are you up for a chat?
:::'''Alley:''' Certainly. Is there anything specific you would like to know about?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503030003_39-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503030003_39-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me more about this hotel.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030033-->
::::'''Alley:''' Certainly. The Reverie is a renowned landmark in Penacony, serving as a transit point between reality and Dreamscape.
::::'''Alley:''' All Dreamchasers intending to enter the City of Dreams need to check in here before entering the magnificent dream world in Penacony.
::::'''Alley:''' This hotel is divided into 48 sub sectors, and your room, Platinum Suite 666, is located in Zone 12 of the Red Heart.
::::'''Alley:''' Please refer to your Dreamscape Pass for instructions. Should you have any additional needs, feel free to contact our staff using the phone in your room.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What services do you provide?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030038-->
::::'''Alley:''' This window provides all services related to your room.
::::'''Alley:''' If you need to change rooms or check out, please submit your request via your Dreamscape Pass, and we will process it within one working day.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What currency is used here?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030041-->
::::'''Alley:''' The prevailing currency in Penacony is Alfalfa credits. Upon entering Dreamscape, the credits in your account will be automatically converted to Alfalfa credits at an equal exchange rate.
::::'''Alley:''' While in Dreamscape, you can conveniently use your Dreamscape Pass for online transactions.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} There's nothing else I'd like to ask about.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030044-->
::::'''Alley:''' You're welcome. I'm ready to answer any questions you may have about the hotel. It is an honor for all The Family's members to serve you.
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Thank you for your answers. I'll take my leave now.
:::'''Alley:''' We wish you a pleasant stay in Penacony.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Alley
|zhs  = 艾丽
|zht  = 艾麗
|ja   = アレー
|ko   = 앨리
|es   = Alley
|fr   = Alley
|ru   = Элли
|th   = Alley
|vi   = Alley
|de   = Alley
|id   = Alley
|pt   = Alley
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}