<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Anderson#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Bartender
|image           = NPC Anderson.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Reality)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Anderson''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Reality)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Reality)|npc_48_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503030201: Config/Level/Mission/5030302/Act/Act503030201.json-->
::'''Anderson:''' Greetings, {{MC|f=beautiful lady|m=handsome sir}}. It is an honor to meet such a {{MC|f=beautiful|m=handsome}} guest as yourself. Allow me to prepare a drink for you.
::'''Anderson:''' Well, this recipe is improved based on that famous Galaxy Ranger's recipe... rum, soda, lime, mint, and a touch of sugar, and you will get the unique mix: {{Rubi|Galactic Voyager|Mojito}}.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds good!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030204-->
:::'''Anderson:''' Haha, I had a feeling you would enjoy it...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Isn't it too ordinary?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030206-->
:::'''Anderson:''' Oh, my apologies... How about this? Blended with Kapo-Kali, Lemon Lazuli, golden pine nut, and orange crystal, with a subtle touch of absinthe and anise? I call it "Rebirth."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I'm not an adult yet...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030208-->
:::'''Anderson:''' Oh... my apologies... Let me prepare a more suitable drink for you.
:::'''Anderson:''' Here, a Penacony specialty &mdash; Classic SoulGlad, if you please.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_503030210-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030210-->
::'''Anderson:''' I see you are not quite accustomed to this place... Are you new to Penacony?
::'''Anderson:''' If you are not in a rush to enter the dream world, please feel free to frequent here. This small bar has a huge stage...
::'''Anderson:''' With so many customers here, this place is a vast repository of information and a fertile ground for stories.
::'''Anderson:''' If you have questions or are seeking information, please come here and order a drink &mdash; a drink for a story. I guarantee my stories will satisfy your curiosity.
::'''Anderson:''' And of course, if you have splendid stories to exchange for drinks... I'd be delighted to hear them.
::'''Anderson:''' Here, this is on the house. Don't forget to come here often.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404032601-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503030202: Config/Level/Mission/5030302/Act/Act503030202.json-->
::'''Anderson:''' Greetings, {{MC|f=beautiful lady|m=handsome sir}}. What would you like today?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Shop}} Let's see what you have here.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.VerifyInteractingEntity",
	"GroupID": 48,
	"ConfigID": 400001
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowShop",
	"ShopType": 38,
	"TaskID": []
}</pre>
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon}} Any recommended beverage?
::'''Anderson:''' Well, I believe each guest has their own "exclusive special drink."
::'''Anderson:''' However, as the bartender, I would like to recommend the most popular yet enjoyable option, the Classic SoulGlad.
::'''Anderson:''' I recommend trying this concoction, even if it's just to blend in.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503030203_46-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503030203_46-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you enjoy gossiping?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030235-->
:::'''Anderson:''' Well... don't you find the process of mixing drinks interesting?
:::'''Anderson:''' Combine base ingredients, both related and unrelated, in specific proportions to create a variety of intriguing beverages.
:::'''Anderson:''' To transform common ingredients into something extraordinary through certain rules and techniques... I find this process... fascinating.
:::'''Anderson:''' Therefore, what some may refer to as "gossip," or rather, the information and stories, can be treated as ingredients and mixed, gaining a richer flavor compared to mundane spices.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why aren't you bartending in the Dreamscape?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030240-->
:::'''Anderson:''' Hah... a great question. While I'm a bartender, I don't particularly enjoy the feeling of indulgence.
:::'''Anderson:''' People tend to indulge in fleeting, unreal pleasures, whether it's through wine or dreams.
:::'''Anderson:''' But to be honest, it doesn't appeal to me... People come to {{Rubi|the City of Dreams|Penacony}} to pursue what they cannot attain in reality. As for me, I am already content with my current life.
::;(If {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4040326--> has been completed)
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::;(If {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4040326--> has not been completed)
::::'''Anderson:''' Please take your drink, esteemed guest. I hope you find as much happiness in contentment as I do.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404032601-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'm busy, so I'll be heading off.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030245-->
:::'''Anderson:''' Take care. You are always welcome here.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} See you next time.
::'''Anderson:''' Looking forward to seeing you next time.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Anderson
|zhs  = 安德森
|zht  = 安德森
|ja   = アンダーソン
|ko   = 앤더슨
|es   = Anderson
|fr   = Anderson
|ru   = Андерсон
|th   = Anderson
|vi   = Anderson
|de   = Anderson
|id   = Anderson
|pt   = Anderson
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}