<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Giovanna#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Chief Dream Nurse
|image           = NPC Giovanna.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Reality)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Giovanna''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Reality)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Reality)|npc_47_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503030401: Config/Level/Mission/5030304/Act/Act503030401.json-->
::'''Giovanna:''' Identity confirmed: Esteemed guest.
::'''Giovanna:''' Welcome to Penacony, esteemed guest. We wish you a pleasant stay in the Dreamscape.
::'''Giovanna:''' I am Giovanna, the Chief Dream Nurse. If you require any assistance, please don't hesitate to approach me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I do need your assistance!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030405-->
:::'''Giovanna:''' Acknowledged. Please provide more details.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503030401_15-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503030401_15-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What does a "dream nurse" do?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030407-->
::::'''Giovanna:''' Well, "dream" refers to the process of entering the Dreamscape.
::::'''Giovanna:''' Each room is equipped with a specialized "Dreampool" to guide our esteemed guests into the Dreamscape.
::::'''Giovanna:''' The Family offers the most secure authorized service, along with a flawless dream experience.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, are there "unauthorized" services?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030411-->
::::'''Giovanna:''' Well, recently, a blue-haired "merchant" has been selling a new type of "affordable and reliable" dreaming device.
::::'''Giovanna:''' Over ten individuals have fallen victim to this scam. The Bloodhounds are investigating, but the suspect remains at large.
::::'''Giovanna:''' Please do not trust any unauthorized dreaming devices such as the "Quantum Shuttle" or the "Sweetdream Drink."
::::'''Giovanna:''' Since the dream structure within Penacony is complex, unauthorized entries may lead to unpredictable consequences.
::::'''Giovanna:''' Each year, we rescue nearly a hundred stowaways, and the costs of their treatment are not covered by insurance.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is this device safe enough?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030417-->
::::'''Giovanna:''' Please feel assured. The Family offers the most secure authorized service, along with a flawless dreaming experience. During your dive, a nurse will attend to your physical body in reality.
::::'''Giovanna:''' If you experience any discomfort such as dizziness, nausea, or vomiting, please leave the Dreamscape and seek assistance from your nurse.
::::'''Giovanna:''' We have prepared a comprehensive emergency plan to handle various situations, ensuring that you can fully enjoy your dream time.
::::'''Giovanna:''' However, upon waking up from a dream, please remember that you are back in reality.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all for now.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030422-->
::::'''Giovanna:''' Certainly. Please refer to your Dreamscape Pass for instructions.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_503030424-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030424-->
::::'''Giovanna:''' I'm always here to assist you, esteemed guest.
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's all. Bye-bye.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030424-->
:::'''Giovanna:''' I'm always here to assist you, esteemed guest.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503030402: Config/Level/Mission/5030304/Act/Act503030402.json-->
::'''Giovanna:''' If you've just woken up from a dream, remember &mdash; this is reality.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Open NPC Menu-->
::{{DIcon}} Please allow me to introduce you to our dream services.
:::'''Giovanna:''' Well, "dream" refers to the process of entering the Dreamscape.
:::'''Giovanna:''' Each room is equipped with a specialized "Dreampool" to guide our esteemed guests into the Dreamscape.
:::'''Giovanna:''' The Family offers the most secure authorized service, along with a flawless dream experience.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503030403_59-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503030403_59-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} So, are there "unauthorized" services?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030447-->
::::'''Giovanna:''' Well, recently, a blue-haired "merchant" has been selling a new type of "affordable and reliable" dreaming device.
::::'''Giovanna:''' Over ten individuals have fallen victim to this scam. The Bloodhounds are investigating, but the suspect remains at large.
::::'''Giovanna:''' Please do not trust any unauthorized dreaming devices such as the "Quantum Shuttle" or the "Sweetdream Drink."
::::'''Giovanna:''' Since the dream structure within Penacony is complex, unauthorized entries may lead to unpredictable consequences.
::::'''Giovanna:''' Each year, we rescue nearly a hundred stowaways, and the costs of their treatment are not covered by insurance.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there anything I should keep in mind?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030453-->
::::'''Giovanna:''' 1. Please keep your mind calm to avoid unusual experiences.
::::'''Giovanna:''' 2. Please ensure that your face is positioned upwards to prevent any risk of drowning in the Dreampool.
::::'''Giovanna:''' 3. Please do not take sleep-aid medication. If you are unable to fall asleep, please contact our staff for assistance.
::::'''Giovanna:''' Please refer to your Dreamscape Pass for instructions.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} If only I could stay in the dream forever.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030458-->
::::'''Giovanna:''' According to statistics, 86.9% of our guests share the same sentiment as you.
::::'''Giovanna:''' However, as a nurse, I recommend maintaining a minimum of 7 hours of real-world activity time each system month.
::::'''Giovanna:''' Excessive immersion in dreams can lead to negative effects such as cerebellar atrophy, muscle degeneration, and overall deterioration.
::::'''Giovanna:''' In rare cases, prolonged exposure to dreams can cause guests to struggle in differentiating between dreams and reality.
::::'''Giovanna:''' Although the occurrence rate is no higher than 1.5%, it is still a matter of concern.
::::'''Giovanna:''' Therefore... upon waking up from a dream, please remember that you are back in reality.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all for now.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030465-->
::::'''Giovanna:''' Certainly. I'm always here to assist you.
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Catch you again next time.
:::'''Giovanna:''' See you next time. We wish you a pleasant stay in Penacony.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Giovanna
|zhs  = 乔凡娜
|zht  = 喬凡娜
|ja   = ジョヴァンナ
|ko   = 지오반나
|es   = Giovanna
|fr   = Giovanna
|ru   = Джованна
|th   = Giovanna
|vi   = Giovanna
|de   = Giovanna
|id   = Giovanna
|pt   = Giovanna
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}