<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Jno#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Strange Pepeshi
|image           = NPC Jno.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Reality)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Jno''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Reality)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Reality)|npc_52_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503030801: Config/Level/Mission/5030308/Act/Act503030801.json-->
:'''Jno:''' Oh, the perceptive individual who found me!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I have something for you.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503030802_18-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503030802_18-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you really a Pepeshi?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030812-->
:::'''Jno:''' No, of course not. I'm a Red Clayform from Kalsas, and this form is a result of my mimicry.
:::'''Jno:''' I was worried that my true appearance might frighten everyone, so I changed my form and became a Pepeshi. I heard they're super popular in the universe.
:::'''Jno:''' Don't you think... I look cute?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are cute.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030816-->
::::'''Jno:''' Heehee... it took me quite some time. I'm glad you find it appealing!
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_503030819-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030819-->
::::'''Jno:''' Anyway, I'll stick with this form in front of others. Just treat me as a Pepeshi.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Not cute.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030818-->
::::'''Jno:''' Huh... your taste is so different from the others! Everyone else seems to think it's cute...
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_503030819-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030819-->
::::'''Jno:''' Anyway, I'll stick with this form in front of others. Just treat me as a Pepeshi.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How did you get an invitation?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030821-->
:::'''Jno:''' Heehee, maybe you don't know, but I'm one of the most talented individuals on my home planet!
:::'''Jno:''' I was the first to fly in a Kinetic Propulsion Chair and land safely. The tall guys in IPC even call me a space hero!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503030802_33-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503030802_33-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} A Kinetic Propulsion Chair?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030824-->
::::'''Jno:''' We Clayforms needed IPC services for interstellar travel, and it cost us a significant amount of credits just to clean the decks.
::::'''Jno:''' So, my friends and I developed the Kinetic Propulsion Chair, a special way for us Clayforms to travel through space.
::::'''Jno:''' Just attach several Disposable Kinetic Cannons to a chair and fire them all at once, and you'll get enough power to launch yourself from the planet.
::::'''Jno:''' Well, in my case, I didn't attach enough cannons that time, so I only made it up to the clouds before falling back down.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did you land safely?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030829-->
::::'''Jno:''' Heehee, that's an interesting story...
::::'''Jno:''' While we Clayforms walk on two feet, our bodies can actually stretch and take on any shape.
::::'''Jno:''' When I was up in the air, I stretched myself into a pancake-like form to catch more air and eventually safely landed on the ground.
::::'''Jno:''' The tall guys in IPC mentioned that it's akin to your "parachute," and I can do it with my body. Pretty impressive, right?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Don't you dissolve in water?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030834-->
:::'''Jno:''' Well... we do dissolve upon contact with water. That's why the rainy season has always been the greatest hazard on Kalsas.
:::'''Jno:''' Fortunately, IPC has recognized our value and constructed rain shelters on the planet. As a result, disappearances during rainfall are now few and far between.
:::'''Jno:''' Still, we must be careful when visiting other planets and never enter a bathroom.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Thank you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030895-->
:::'''Jno:''' Well, come and play with me next time.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Hand}} Can I touch the fluff ball on your head?
:;(If {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4040308--> has been completed)
:::'''Jno:''' Well... I feel a bit embarrassed after what happened last time. Let's forget it...
:;(If {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4040308--> has not been completed)
:::'''Jno:''' Fluff ball? I'm not sure what you have in mind, but go ahead and touch it if you really want to.
:::You run your hand over Jno's fluff ball. Jno enjoys it, much like a happy kitten getting some pets...
:::'''Jno:''' Hmm... what is this? It feels so unusual...
:::Pepeshi rarely allows anyone to touch their fluff ball, just like how a human wouldn't let a stranger pick their ear. However, Jno is not a real Pepeshi.
:::'''Jno:''' Keep doing that. Don't stop...
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Pepeshi rarely allows others to touch their fluff ball.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030867-->
::::'''Jno:''' Oh? I&mdash;Is that so? I suppose I still have much to learn...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Keep petting it.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030869-->
::::'''Jno:''' Purrrrrrr...
::::Jno lifts the head and purrs contentedly, like a cat getting a good scratch.
::::'''Jno:''' Would you pet me again?
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} Pepeshi rarely allows others to touch their fluff ball.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030873-->
:::::'''Jno:''' I&mdash;Is that so? But you just...
:::::'''Jno:''' Well, forget it. I'm not a real Pepeshi anyway. I suppose I still have much to learn...
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Pet Jno again.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030876-->
:::::The fluff ball wobbles as your fingertips move, almost as if it is going to lose its solid form...
:::::'''Jno:''' So comforting... like rolling around in a muddy pond...
::::;(Screen fades to black)
:::::The "Pepeshi" starts to secrete an unusual sweat...
:::::Sticky fluids trickle down Jno's body and form gel-like clumps... From the looks of it, it is the latest cooling gel.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What was that just now?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030881-->
:::::'''Jno:''' ...
:::::'''Jno:''' You can have it!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Thank you.
::'''Jno:''' Well, come and play with me next time.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Jno
|zhs  = 杰诺
|zht  = 傑諾
|ja   = ジェノ
|ko   = 제이노
|es   = Jno
|fr   = Jno
|ru   = Джино
|th   = Jno
|vi   = Jno
|de   = Jno
|id   = Jno
|pt   = Jno
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}