<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sabrina#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Border Star Princess
|image           = NPC Sabrina.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Reality)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Sabrina''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Reality)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Reality)|npc_51_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503030301: Config/Level/Mission/5030303/Act/Act503030301.json-->
::'''Sabrina:''' Hey, aren't you that big shot who caused a commotion in the lobby? Let's get acquainted!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...I'm (Trailblazer).
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030303-->
:::'''Sabrina:''' (Trailblazer)? A great name. I'll keep it in mind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm Galactic Baseballer.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030305-->
:::'''Sabrina:''' Galactic Baseballer? What an impressive name! Noble and unique, perfectly suited to you!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Am I famous?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030307-->
:::'''Sabrina:''' I may not know you personally, but your appearance and demeanor convey to me that you are no ordinary person!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_503030308-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030308-->
::'''Sabrina:''' I'm Sabrina, Princess of Jarilo-VIII. It's an honor to meet you.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Jarilo... VIII?
::'''Sabrina:''' Oh, it's a remote planet, and it's understandable if you have never heard of it.
::'''(Trailblazer):''' But there are only six planets in Jarilo...
::'''Sabrina:''' Um... I mean... it's actually a moon! Yeah, a moon orbiting Jarilo-VI!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You must have heard of Bronya, right?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030314-->
:::'''Sabrina:''' Bron... Naya? Sounds familiar. Who is that person?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's your royal family's last name?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030316-->
:::'''Sabrina:''' Last name, let me see... Oh, it's Piggot! Yeah, my full name is Sabrina Piggot!
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' Have you heard of Bronya Rand?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_503030318-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030318-->
::'''Sabrina:''' ...Well, you know... this is just a little joke! You know? The kind of joke to break the ice when meeting a stranger.
::'''Sabrina:''' While I'm not a princess, I'm far from a nobody. I'm a merchant from Abelane, and I'm within the top 5,000, or maybe even top 100 wealthiest individuals in the entire universe.
::'''Sabrina:''' I've come to Penacony to make some new friends who share similar interests and backgrounds.
::'''Sabrina:''' If you have any friends who enjoy socializing and hold a similar status and position to us, don't hesitate to introduce me to them!
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503030302: Config/Level/Mission/5030303/Act/Act503030302.json-->
::'''Sabrina:''' Hey, if it isn't... that kind {{MC|m=sir|f=lady}}? Great to see you again!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} So, what's my name?
::'''Sabrina:''' Of course I know! You are... the individual we met before, right?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You haven't remembered my name at all.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030338-->
::'''Sabrina:''' ...Well, you see... Your outfit is so striking that it practically introduces you.
::'''Sabrina:''' To be honest, with the flow of guests in this hotel, it's challenging to remember everyone's name... Could you please remind me of yours?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503030303_57-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503030303_57-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I'm (Trailblazer).
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030341-->
:::'''Sabrina:''' Oh, (Trailblazer), what a lovely name! I'll make sure to remember it this time.
:::'''(Trailblazer):''' ...Do you really expect me to believe that?
:::'''Sabrina:''' Well... Ahaha, well then, have a pleasant day.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the guests in this hotel...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030345-->
:::'''Sabrina:''' You've come to the right person! I've been in the lobby, observing the guests all day!
:::'''Sabrina:''' I can easily discern who's wealthy, who's not, and who's trying to show off! Just one glance, and I can tell whether they're a gem or a grain of sand!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why don't you enter the Dreamscape?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030348-->
:::'''Sabrina:''' I&mdash;It's because... Well, making friends here, in this lobby, is much more convenient than trying to do it in the dream!
:::'''Sabrina:''' Those people in the dream can easily change their looks and even identity! And you never know their true race or gender! You surely don't want friends like that, right?...
:::Suddenly, a mysterious voice echoes in your mind, "Insight check: Successful."
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it about saving money?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030352-->
:::'''Sabrina:''' ...How, how could it be! I... I'm a successful merchant from Ab... Abenela! And I'm within the top 1,000, or maybe even top 500 wealthiest individuals in the entire universe!
:::Abenela? Your keen memory reminds you that her previous claim was "Abelane"...
:::Does such a star really exist? You can't help but wonder. Perhaps it does, but her identity as a "wealthy merchant" is just as fabricated as her claim of being a "Princess of Jarilo-VIII."
:::'''Sabrina:''' ...Wh&mdash;Why aren't you saying anything? Are you hungry? The restaurant has the Stargazer slice cakes today. Why don't you... go and grab some?
:::She looks nervous, with a tinge of embarrassment and awkwardness.
:::Clearly, even something significant as "forgetting the name of the person you're talking to" has a less noticeable impact on her. Perhaps you unintentionally hit a nerve.
:::'''Sabrina:''' I... Oh... I just remembered that I have an appointment to attend, so I'll take my leave, alright?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's enough chit-chat for now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503030360-->
:::'''Sabrina:''' Yeah, yeah... I look forward to our next conversation.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Thank you.
::The woman still wears a polite smile, but you notice a hint of fatigue in her expression.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Sabrina
|zhs  = 萨宾娜
|zht  = 薩賓娜
|ja   = サビンナ
|ko   = 사브리나
|es   = Sabrina
|fr   = Sabrina
|ru   = Сабрина
|th   = Sabrina
|vi   = Sabrina
|de   = Sabrina
|id   = Sabrina
|pt   = Sabrina
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}