<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tizocic III#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = "Emperor"
|image           = NPC Tizocic III.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Reality)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Tizocic III''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Reality)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Reality)|npc_113_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 203020302: Config/Level/Mission/2030203/Act/Act203020302.json-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice",
	"VoiceIDs": [
		424030244
	],
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvNpcEx",
		"FetchType": "SingleNpcByNpcID",
		"SingleNpcID": {
			"GroupID": {
				"IsDynamic": false,
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 113
				}
			},
			"GroupNpcID": {
				"IsDynamic": false,
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 400001
				}
			}
		}
	}
}</pre>
:'''Tizocic III:''' Oh! My dear subject, you're back! Is there anything I can help you with?
:'''Tizocic III:''' It is my duty and honor to serve my subjects!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I want to have a chat with you.
::'''Tizocic III:''' No problem. It's the Emperor's duty to communicate with her subjects.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_203020302_54-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_203020302_54-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} The late Emperor was apparently a tyrant.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_230205806-->
:::'''Tizocic III:''' Yes yes yes... I know she was a tyrant, and many have died by her hand.
:::'''Tizocic III:''' More than one subject has brought this issue up to me. I am fully aware!
:::'''Tizocic III:''' So what if she was a tyrant? The good deeds she accomplished cannot be overshadowed by the wrongs she committed, just as the evils she committed cannot tarnish the good she had done.
:::'''Tizocic III:''' I will continue her legacy of kindness till the day I die.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you want to inherit the throne?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_230205811-->
:::'''Tizocic III:''' Because this is Penacony, the greatest money pit in the cosmos. It is full of evil, greed and betrayal.
:::'''Tizocic III:''' If the remaining kindness here is not inherited, it will soon disappear. It will be neglected, forgotten and trampled on by people.
:::'''Tizocic III:''' Hence, I must become the next Emperor, to ensure that kindness will endure.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_230205815-->
:::'''Tizocic III:''' Sure! If you encounter any troubles, remember to come to me anytime! It gives me untold happiness to dispel any troubles for my subjects!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} There's nothing at the moment.
::'''Tizocic III:''' Sure! If you encounter any troubles, remember to come to me anytime! It gives me untold happiness to dispel any troubles for my subjects!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_230205817)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_230205817-->
::'''Tizocic III:''' Sure! If you encounter any troubles, remember to come to me anytime! It gives me untold happiness to dispel any troubles for my subjects!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tizocic III
|zhs  = 蒂索克三世
|zht  = 蒂索克三世
|ja   = ティソク三世
|ko   = 티조크 3세
|es   = Tizocic III
|fr   = Tizocic III
|ru   = Тисок III
|th   = Tizocic III
|vi   = Tizocic III
|de   = Tizocic III.
|id   = Tizocic III
|pt   = Tizocic III
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}