<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Luka#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Luka.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Jarilo-VI
|location        = Fight Club
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Luka''' is an NPC on [[Jarilo-VI]], located in [[Fight Club]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Fight Club|npc_26_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{Mission|Mo Cuishle|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:;(First interaction)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404013002: Config/Level/Mission/4040130/Act/Act404013002.json-->
:::'''Luka:''' ...Hmm? Sorry, I was just thinking about something! Are you here for an autograph? Or...
:::'''Luka:''' Wait, your outfit... There's no mistake, you must be the famous "Trailblazer"!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What an honor to meet ya, I'm (Trailblazer).
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404003053-->
::::'''Luka:''' No, no, the honor's all mine! Master Oleg and Seele have mentioned your name many times before.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're right. I'm the legend of Belobog.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404003055-->
::::'''Luka:''' Hahaha, you're just as Master Oleg and Seele described. You really are an interesting one!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_404003056-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404003056-->
:::'''Luka:''' What a pity! I was supporting the folks around Boulder Town, dealing with the monsters emerging from the Fragmentum from dawn to dusk. I completely missed you lot's big saving-the-world adventure...
:::'''Luka:''' But being able to meet a great hero such as yourself right now more than makes up for it!
:::'''Luka:''' Oh, I got so excited that I almost forgot to formally introduce myself. My name is Luka, and I'm a core member of "Wildfire" just like Seele. You should be very familiar with Chief Oleg, right? He is the master who taught me how to fight.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_404003002_52-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_404003002_52-->
:;(Subsequent interactions)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404013003: Config/Level/Mission/4040130/Act/Act404013003.json-->
:::'''Luka:''' Yo, (Trailblazer)! Were you just in the neighborhood?
:::'''Luka:''' I was just resting for a bit before getting to my next set of exercises, and I'm just in time to chat with you!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_404003002_52-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_404003002_52-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_404003002_52-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} So I hear you're the 27-time champion?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404003060-->
::::'''Luka:''' Huh? Hahaha, so you've heard about that, too!
::::'''Luka:''' I didn't think it was anything worth mentioning compared to what you people have done for Belobog!
::::'''Luka:''' I didn't compete for glory or anything... Now that I listen to myself say that, it does sound rather pretentious, doesn't it? But it's true. Please believe me!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you fight for Scott?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404003064-->
::::'''Luka:''' Scott?
::::'''Luka:''' Umm... You must be referring to the Fight Club's owner, Mr. Scott? No, I'm not acquainted with him.
::::'''Luka:''' To be honest, I don't really like the set of rules he made. Boxing managers and all that... I don't really think it's necessary. It's too pretentious. I just want to let my own abilities do the talking, and I am not interested in anything else.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What has Wildfire been up to recently?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404003068-->
::::'''Luka:''' Thanks to you lot, everything's been going much more smoothly for us lately.
::::'''Luka:''' Of course, the daily sentry and patrol duties can't be dropped, and occasionally I have to help to resolve some small conflicts in the neighborhood... Oh, I shouldn't forget to work with the Silvermane Guards to conduct a few joint exercises soon.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's spar together if we have the chance.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404003071-->
::::'''Luka:''' Of course! Being able to trade notes with the savior of Belobog would be a rare opportunity!
::::'''Luka:''' You look like you're rushing off to help others in trouble, right? Hahaha, I can smell the willingness to help from miles away!
::::'''Luka:''' See you later, (Trailblazer)! I hope I'll have a chance to see you in the Underworld again!
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why didn't you mention your 27 championship victories?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404003060-->
:::'''Luka:''' Huh? Hahaha, so you've heard about that, too!
:::'''Luka:''' I didn't think it was anything worth mentioning compared to what you people have done for Belobog!
:::'''Luka:''' I didn't compete for glory or anything... Now that I listen to myself say that, it does sound rather pretentious, doesn't it? But it's true. Please believe me!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you fight for Scott?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404003064-->
:::'''Luka:''' Scott?
:::'''Luka:''' Umm... You must be referring to the Fight Club's owner, Mr. Scott? No, I'm not acquainted with him.
:::'''Luka:''' To be honest, I don't really like the set of rules he made. Boxing managers and all that... I don't really think it's necessary. It's too pretentious. I just want to let my own abilities do the talking, and I am not interested in anything else.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What has Wildfire been up to recently?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404003068-->
:::'''Luka:''' Thanks to you lot, everything's been going much more smoothly for us lately.
:::'''Luka:''' Of course, the daily sentry and patrol duties can't be dropped, and occasionally I have to help to resolve some small conflicts in the neighborhood... Oh, I shouldn't forget to work with the Silvermane Guards to conduct a few joint exercises soon.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's spar together if we have the chance.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_404003071-->
:::'''Luka:''' Of course! Being able to trade notes with the savior of Belobog would be a rare opportunity!
:::'''Luka:''' You look like you're rushing off to help others in trouble, right? Hahaha, I can smell the willingness to help from miles away!
:::'''Luka:''' See you later, (Trailblazer)! I hope I'll have a chance to see you in the Underworld again!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Otherwise, if {{Mission|Mo Cuishle|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:;(First interaction)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501031001: Config/Level/Mission/5010310/Act/Act501031001.json-->
:::'''Luka:''' Hey, (Trailblazer)! Glad to see you here, in the Underworld!
:::'''Luka:''' How about a friendly spar! What do you say?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't fight for free.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031004-->
::::'''Luka:''' Hahahaha, I knew you'd say that! Rumor has it that the great hero of Belobog is stingy! Looks like those rumors about you are true after all!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have no interest in bullying someone who's injured.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031006-->
::::'''Luka:''' Hahahaha, they're just some scratches! I'll be alive and kicking again in a few minutes!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_501031007-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031007-->
:::'''Luka:''' Such a shame that you're not in the mood for a spar... Fine, let's fight next time! No more excuses, hah!
:;(Subsequent interactions)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501031002: Config/Level/Mission/5010310/Act/Act501031002.json-->
:::'''Luka:''' Hey, (Trailblazer)! Glad to see you here, in the Underworld!
:::'''Luka:''' Hmm? Want to get some exercise and break a sweat?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Otherwise)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501031002: Config/Level/Mission/5010310/Act/Act501031002.json-->
::'''Luka:''' Hey, (Trailblazer)! Glad to see you here, in the Underworld!
::'''Luka:''' Hmm? Want to get some exercise and break a sweat?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} We can have a chat.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501031003: Config/Level/Mission/5010310/Act/Act501031003.json-->
::'''Luka:''' Chat? Sure thing! You don't get to chat with a great hero every day!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_501031003_37-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_501031003_37-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you the champion of the 28-time fighting champion?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031014-->
:::'''Luka:''' Huh? Hahaha! I didn't think you'd remember the number so well!
:::'''Luka:''' Ah, don't mention it! It's nothing compared to what you've done for Belobog!
:::'''Luka:''' To be honest, I didn't join the tournament for fame or recognition... Sounds a bit deliberately modest, huh? But trust me, I mean it!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you fighting for Scott?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031018-->
:::'''Luka:''' Scott?
:::'''Luka:''' Oh... You mean the boss of the club? No, I don't really know him well.
:::'''Luka:''' To be frank, I'm not a fan of his rules, especially the ones about agents and all that... I prefer to focus on my own strength and abilities and not worry about all the fancy stuff.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's Wildfire been up to lately?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031022-->
:::'''Luka:''' Thanks to you guys, our work has been a lot easier lately.
:::'''Luka:''' Of course, we don't slack off on our daily patrols, and sometimes we help the neighborhood resolve conflicts... Oh, and we need to hold some joint exercises with the Silvermane Guards soon. I mustn't forget about that.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Your "trial" was special.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031025-->
:::'''Luka:''' Ah, you mean the match between me and Svarog?
:::'''Luka:''' It was special indeed! That match had a lot of meaning to me.
:::'''Luka:''' It's such a shame that I didn't win the fight... or at least tied. I promised Margie that...
:::'''Luka:''' ...Ah, never mind! Svarog is indeed an awesome fighter! I guess I'll have to work harder if I want to best him, the strongest fighter!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Until next time, Luka.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_501031051-->
:::'''Luka:''' Yeah, see you, (Trailblazer)!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501031003-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Until next time, Luka.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 501031004: Config/Level/Mission/5010310/Act/Act501031004.json-->
::'''Luka:''' Yeah, see you, (Trailblazer)!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_501031004-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Luka
|zhs  = 卢卡
|zht  = 盧卡
|ja   = ルカ
|ko   = 루카
|es   = Luka
|fr   = Luka
|ru   = Лука
|th   = Luka
|vi   = Luka
|de   = Luka
|id   = Luka
|pt   = Luka
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}