<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Himeko#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Himeko.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Astral Express
|location        = Parlor Car
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Himeko''' is an NPC on [[Astral Express]], located in [[Parlor Car]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Parlor Car|npc_40_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200020101,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200020101,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200020101: Config/Level/Mission/2000201/Act/Act200020101.json-->
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 102.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' It must be difficult for Asta. Being the lead researcher isn't easy.
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 103.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' As soon as the Legion exits stage right, in comes the gossip... How does that saying go again? "Greet enemies outside with a smile, greet enemies inside with a sword..."
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 104.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Such is the Herta company culture...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem pretty cheerful about it.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020110-->
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 105.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' What do you mean? This is such an inter&mdash; Uh... inconvenient situation.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Company culture stems from the company owner...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020115-->
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 106.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Haha, Herta doesn't really have anything to do with it. I'm afraid wherever you find people, you find gossip of some variety.
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 107 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 107 f.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' (Trailblazer), are you thinking of getting involved?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No, just eating popcorn on the sidelines...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I really want to help Asta.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020111-->
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 108.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Well, while these rumors have nothing to do with us, they do concern the reputation of young Asta. And turning a blind eye is not the way of the Nameless.
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 109.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Solving a matter like this won't be difficult. Predictably, the crowd cares more about the drama than the facts. Stopping the rumors from brewing is more important right now than laying out the truth... and it's better to unearth the source of the rumors directly than to painstakingly try to refute them one by one.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} As always, your guidance is wise.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020118-->
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 110 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 110 f.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' You're a smooth talker, (Trailblazer).
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So we get rid of the troublemaker, right?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020120-->
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 111.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' No, no... that's not what I meant...
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020121-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020121-->
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 112.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I have a friend &mdash; they say there isn't a single piece of station gossip she doesn't know about.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Talking about yourself?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't realize you liked gossip too, Himeko...
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020124-->
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 113.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' First of all, it's not me. Secondly, I don't make friends JUST for the sake of gossip.
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 114.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' It's just that my friend is pretty amazing, and I think you might be able to extract some information from her. Let's see... Right now she's probably slacking off somewhere outside the department.
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 115.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I don't know her real name, but she calls herself {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Gossipmonger}}....
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200020101-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 101150223,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 101150223,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 101150223: Config/Level/Mission/1011502/Act/Act101150223.json-->
;(Screen fades to black)
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 201.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Welcome home, you three.
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 mar7th 203.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' Himeko, Mr. Yang! Team Trailblaze, back from duty! Mission one: Accomplished!
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 202 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 202 f.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' *chuckles* Although Welt and I didn't get the chance to go with you, I can tell you worked hard to bring things back to normal. Well done, everybody. And especially you, (Trailblazer). I heard a lot of good things about you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How would you rate my performance?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100003107-->
:;(Screen fades to black)
::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 203.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I'd say it's a solid five stars.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Piece of cake.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100003109-->
:;(Screen fades to black)
::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 204.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Confidence goes a long way.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can I skip the next mission and get some rest?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100003111-->
:;(Screen fades to black)
::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 205.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' *chuckles* And miss out on a great adventure? I don't think you'd like that.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100003112-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100003112-->
;(Screen fades to black)
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 welt 201.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Get some rest on the Express. Jarilo-VI was not an easy ride.
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 welt 202.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Pom-Pom is of the opinion that we should leave as soon as possible to avoid potential resurgences of the anomalies we experienced earlier. Himeko and I agree.
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 danheng 201.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' ...Which means we need to decide where our next destination is, soon.
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 welt 203.ogg}} '''Welt:''' That's right.
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 mar7th 204.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' That's the path of the Nameless, I presume? Always on the road, always trailblazing...
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 mar7th 205.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' I&mdash;I'm not complaining by the way! One adventure after another, that's exactly what I signed up for!
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 206.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Looks like March has fallen in love with the way of the Nameless. That's good to hear.
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 207.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' You can head back to your rooms for some rest, or stay here and make yourselves a cup of coffee, whichever you like.
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 danheng 202.ogg}} '''Dan Heng:''' I'll head back to my room then.
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 mar7th 206.ogg}} '''March 7th:''' *sigh* There I was thinking this guy would gradually open up...
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 208.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' *chuckles* We need to give him some time, March. I think he treasures the time spent with you guys.
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 209 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 209 f.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' (Trailblazer), about your battle against the Supreme Guardian and the whole Stellaron situation, you must have a lot of unanswered questions, I suppose?
:{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 210.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' While you were away, Welt and I did some research and came to some interesting conclusions. Let me know if you want to ask about anything.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_101150223-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 100050406,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 100050406,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 100050406: Config/Level/Mission/1000502/Act/Act100050406.json-->
:{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 112.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Also, don't mind Pom-Pom's antics. They're actually pretty interested in you. It's just that we haven't had new passengers on the Express for a long while.
:{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 113.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I won't steal Pom-Pom's thunder. If you have any questions, just go ask our conductor.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 101150229-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 101150239: Config/Level/Mission/1011502/Act/Act101150239.json-->
::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 211.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The Express crew tread upon the Trailblaze. We travel between worlds, like a thread weaved into the life stories of others.
::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 212.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The universe is vast beyond our imagination. It's a miracle that our paths converge. The fact that we get to know and travel with each other can only be seen as the design of destiny.
::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 213 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 213 f.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Thank you for becoming our companion, (Trailblazer). I'll do my best to answer any questions you may have.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_101150499_12-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_101150499_12-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to talk about the battle with Cocolia.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100003129-->
:::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 214.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Sure. Oftentimes those who are involved in historic events don't have the opportunity to see things from a wider perspective. I hope as an onlooker I may provide some help.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_101150499_15-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_101150499_15-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Path of Preservation...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100003131-->
::::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 215.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Qlipoth the Preservation is known for THEIR... indifference. Unless you become a zealot like those with the Corporation, it's hard to share in the Aeon's power.
::::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 216.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Determined to preserve the world they love, the Architects held on for hundreds of years. But as the Fragmentum continued to advance, their already wavering faith started to show some cracks.
::::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 217.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' And one particular guardian, Cocolia, abandoned the Path of Preservation altogether. In contrast, you stood your ground and proved your faith in the Amber Lord.
::::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 218.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Judging by how the battle turned out, Qlipoth responded to your wish. THEIR gaze infused you with the power to wield the weapon of a supreme guardian and to take control of the Colossus.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} I was meant to thank you for your support during the battle.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100003136-->
::::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 219.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' *chuckles* Don't mention it. Welt and I may have stayed on the Express this whole time, but we've been watching over you the moment you set foot on Jarilo-VI.
::::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 220.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Friends look after each other, the same goes for us Nameless. Please remember, no matter where you are in the universe, the Express will always be behind you.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} The source of Cocolia's power...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100003139-->
::::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 221.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' ...is a Stellaron, there's no doubt about that.
::::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 222.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' What I've gathered so far suggests it's likely that the supreme guardian was corrupted by the Stellaron at a very young age. All the tragedies that came after can be traced to that point...
::::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 223.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' On the flip side, we can't judge Cocolia too harshly. Imagine if it were you or me who had to sit on the throne and watch the city slowly being brought to its knees... Would we not question what we believed in?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} Let's talk about something else.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100003143-->
::::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 224.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Sure, ask away. We've got plenty of time.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can Jarilo-VI go back to what it was like before the Stellaron?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100003145-->
:::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 225.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Welt may be better equipped to answer that. But if you want my two cents...
:::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 226.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I'd say it's unlikely. I guess it's possible, but it would take a long time.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 227.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I can tell from your report that the new Supreme Guardian of Belobog is a smart young lady with leadership qualities. What's more important is that she now understands her people after the journey with you.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 228.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The firm and honest support she gets from people around her will also prove immensely useful. But fate likes to play tricks on people. Even if during their lifetime they managed to make Jarilo-VI prosper again to a certain degree...
:::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 229.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' They will remain vulnerable and helpless to countless threats lurking in the recesses of the universe. We can only give them our best wishes from afar.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What happened to the Stellaron?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100003151-->
:::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 230.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' It's virtually impossible to destroy a Stellaron. No one, not even Herta, has found a way to break its structure. The best we can do at this stage is to prevent its energy from overflowing.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 231.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' When the supreme guardian was defeated, the Stellaron that had been transmitting energy to her exposed its weakness to us for a brief period of time, allowing Welt and I to contain its power.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 232.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' That's about all we can do about a Stellaron. It may be suppressed for now, but it's only a matter of time before it regains power.
:::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 233.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' But this brief window should allow the people on this planet to heal and rebuild.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thanks for your patience, Himeko.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100003156-->
:::{{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 234 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter1 11 himeko 234 f.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' You're most welcome, (Trailblazer). Have some rest, you've earned it.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_101150229-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101150222--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101100201-->)
:;(First interaction)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 599000103: Config/Level/Mission/5990001/Act/Act599000103.json-->
:::'''Himeko:''' What's up, (Trailblazer)? Back on the Express slacking off, huh?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm here to listen to your stories...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm free for now and want to hear you talk about the past...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000504-->
:::'''Himeko:''' Oh, I almost forgot about that... Then, to make a long story short, where should I begin?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Himeko, when did you first board the Express?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000506-->
::::'''Himeko:''' Now that's got me stumped...
::::'''Himeko:''' Seven years, eight years... No, that's not right. I'm sorry. I'm not Dan Heng &mdash; I've never kept a diary aboard the Express.
::::'''Himeko:''' The Express traverses through different worlds, and the flow of time can become blurry...
::::'''Himeko:''' But I'm clear about the beginning of my story with the Express. That day just so happened to be my birthday. Back then, I was hiking outdoors and looking for a place without any light pollution to observe the light and orbit of Heaven's Finger.
::::'''Himeko:''' Then, using a telescope, I saw a bright spot streak across the sky. I thought it was a comet and thought nothing of it.
::::'''Himeko:''' But it wasn't until the spot grew bigger and bigger that I realized there was something wrong... That thing pierced straight through the atmosphere without burning up, and flew straight at me.
::::'''Himeko:''' So I drove as fast as I could to get out of there, until I heard a loud crash behind me as if the entire world had been flipped upside down...
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_599000519-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000519-->
::::'''Himeko:''' I saw a train half-buried in a huge crater. When it happened, I said to myself that this cannot possibly be a thing of this world. It's too dangerous to get close to it...
::::'''Himeko:''' But, out of basic human curiosity, I dared to take a closer look. I keep thinking to myself, just one look, just one look.
::::'''Himeko:''' So, I figured out a way to go inside the Express. The internal structure was incredible, especially its engine...
::::'''Himeko:''' By the time I came to my senses, I had already passionately finished fixing the Express and was already embarking on a journey aboard it.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What kind of wild plot is this?
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is mind-control, right?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000525-->
:::::'''Himeko:''' Many developments in life are inherently unexpected or uncontrollable, just like your experience with the Express.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} When did you and Mr. Yang meet?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000527-->
::::'''Himeko:''' About that... Um... When did Welt get here?
::::'''Himeko:''' Many years ago, Pom-Pom and I were tasked by Herta to go to the abandoned and ruined world of Salsotto, looking for a special material called Cadence Glass...
::::'''Himeko:''' Just as the Express finished its warp jump, we picked up an unknown signal. It was coming from the wreckage of a huge starship.
::::'''Himeko:''' Based on the ''Express Safety Manual'', such an obviously dangerous signal should be ignored. You have no idea whether the party sending the signal is a victim needing rescue, or a bandit lurking behind a trap...
::::'''Himeko:''' But out of basic human curiosity, we decided to take a look and immediately set out for Salsotto to do our business.
::::'''Himeko:''' Welt joined up with us after that.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait... You're missing lots of details, aren't you?
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What exactly happened?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000535-->
::::'''Himeko:''' There was no torturous rescue process, just the normal procedures. In the end, there were two new passengers on the Express.
::::'''Himeko:''' They chose to work for the Express as a way to say thanks for saving their lives and pay off their rescue-related expenses.
::::'''Himeko:''' How about that? Is that good enough to satisfy your curiosities?
::::'''Himeko:''' Well, satisfied or not, you can ask Welt if you have any more questions. If you'll excuse me, (Trailblazer), I have to get on my work now.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:;(Subsequent interactions)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 599000104: Config/Level/Mission/5990001/Act/Act599000104.json-->
:::'''Himeko:''' You can go and chat with Welt if he has the time...
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 101000205-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 101100201-->, and {{cx}}<!--performance 599000102 has been seen-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 599000102: Config/Level/Mission/5990001/Act/Act599000102.json-->
::'''Himeko:''' Oh, back so soon?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We narrowly averted disaster, and now we're home.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We almost didn't make it back...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000304-->
::'''Himeko:''' Hah, it seems this world is a dangerous place, too. Ever since the Astral Express embarked on this journey, every world contaminated by the Stellaron has been problematic.
::'''Himeko:''' Before the three of you boarded the Express, Welt, I... and someone else were adventuring together. It was the same back then as well &mdash; we would slowly trailblaze new worlds, find the Stellaron, and clear a path...
::'''Himeko:''' No matter what world we were on, some difficulties remain constant &mdash; misunderstandings caused by communication, enmity caused by cultural differences, and enemies with malicious intentions. But there is always something new.
::'''Himeko:''' Keep up the good work, (Trailblazer).
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You've never mentioned these things before...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to hear about your past...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000310-->
::'''Himeko:''' You've still got work to do. As for me, I've got to maintain the Express while it is parked.
::'''Himeko:''' We can take a long break after we're done with this world. Come find me if you're still interested then.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 100050304--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 100050201-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 100050306: Config/Level/Mission/1000502/Act/Act100050306.json-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 116.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' What's wrong? You look like you were about to say something.
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 117.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Oh, I think I know what you were going to ask. You've come to the right person.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_100050306_10-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_100050306_10-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050704-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 118.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Ohh, you want to know more about the Express? I'm glad. After all, it's an important companion of ours.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_100050306_13-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_100050306_13-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the history of the Express...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050706-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 119.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The Astral Express was a tool created by Akivili the Trailblaze, who used it to transport THEMSELF and the Nameless across the galaxy. It is rumored that there are other vehicles like it, but the Express has no such records.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 120.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' When I found the Express, its memory had been severely damaged, with much of its valuable information lost. All I know is that the Express is an Aspect of Creation built by Akivili themself, and used to travel the cosmos.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 121.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' As for how it was built and how it was damaged, I do not have an answer.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About where the Express is headed...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050710-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 122.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The Express is traveling on a route that the Trailblaze once embarked on. The names of some destinations have been lost, but the first and final stops were both at Pegana &mdash; Akivili's home world.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 123.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' We speculate the Astral Express started its journey from Pegana, stopping at each destination along the way before returning there for its next journey. However, the appearance of the Stellarons has caused a delay at each stop.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express' source of power...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050713-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 124.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' There is a legend in the galaxy: The heart of Akivili themself lies in the core of the Astral Express, providing it with the power to travel between worlds. But I found no evidence of that aboard the Express.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 125.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Besides, the Express existed before the Trailblaze fell. There's no way they could have had two hearts, right? However, it is likely that the Express possesses some sort of mechanism to transfer power from the Trailblaze.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 126.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' It wouldn't be possible with a normal Pathstrider.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Akivili...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050717-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 127.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The fallen Aeon, deceased Trailblaze &mdash; THEIR passing is still a mystery, but of all the known Aeons, Akivili was the closest to mankind.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 128.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' In the databank aboard the Express, it is recorded that THEY walked among the mortals &mdash; adventuring, fighting, and celebrating with THEM. Although THEY were an Aeon restrained by the "Primum Mobile," Akivili enjoyed a freedom similar to us mortals.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 129.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' THEY were different from most... But THEIR passing came so suddenly that it was thought THEY were killed by another Aeon. I don't believe that to be the case.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I have another question...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_100050306_10-->
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the galaxy...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050722-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 130.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The galaxy is endlessly vast. I wouldn't know where to begin, especially if you ask me that so suddenly...
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_100050306_33-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_100050306_33-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About its nature...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050724-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 131.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I've been to many different worlds, yet I still know very little about the galaxy, simply because it's too vast. As for its nature, there are a few theories that I can share with you.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 132.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The most popular is probably the Cosmos Tree theory, proposed by Zandar, Emanator of Erudition and the first member of the Genius Society. He compared the galaxy to an enormous imaginary tree, with its leaves being individual universes.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 133.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Therefore, only Aeons, who draw their energy from the imaginary, and Emanators, who are blessed by Aeons, can travel through the spaces filled with imaginary energy. That's why planets where civilizations exist are so similar.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 134.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' However, the theory has its flaws. Elias Salas, the 56th member of the Genius Society, invented remote detection, disproving that the imaginary is unique. This shook the foundation of the "Cosmos Tree" theory.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 135.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' There are other theories as well: The "Stretching" theory, the "Heat Torch" theory, and the "Parallel Imaging" theory... The Riddlers claim the galaxy is just a dream and IX's followers seem to like that claim.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Aeons...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050730-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 136.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Aeons are the most mysterious beings in the galaxy. All we know is that THEY ascended from the form of intelligent beings. As for the how and why, even the geniuses over at the Genius Society haven't the slightest clue.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 137.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Upon ascending to Aeon-hood, that being gains power over the Paths, free to choose the allocation of imaginary energy however THEY wish, while suffering the restrictions of the "Primum Mobile."
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 138.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The Aeon of Destruction seeks only to destroy the universe, while the Aeon of Erudition wants to find the answer for all that exists. Meanwhile, the Aeon of Preservation continues to forge walls, and the Aeon of Enigmata devotes themself to obscuring all that is known...
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 139.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' A cloud of mystery shrouds the Aeons. I heard Madam Herta recruited a team to try and solve the mysteries about THEM.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the factions...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050735-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 140.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Compared to the Aeons, the factions are much easier to understand. Mortals with the same objective gather together to practice their understanding of Aeons and the Paths.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 141.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Many Aeons are unreachable, but the factions are close to us. After Akivili trailblazed across the galaxy, people became aware of the existence of other worlds. Gradually, more people started trying to use the power of the Aeons to travel between worlds.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 142.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The Interastral Peace Corporation is a good example: They worship Qlipoth, the Aeon of Preservation, but somehow became the largest economic entity in the galaxy;
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 143.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Another example is the Genius Society: There is no shortage of eccentrics like Madam Herta who dedicate themselves to scientific research under the protection of the Erudition.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 144.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' These factions possess the same power as us to voyage between worlds. It would be hard to travel through the galaxy without them.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Paths...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050741-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 145.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The birth of an Aeon gives rise to a Path. The nature of the Paths remains a mystery, leaving us to draw an analogy in a way that mortals can understand: It's a philosophical concept of sorts.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 146.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' A person is considered to be on a Path when their will overlaps with that Path. If the person has a strong enough will, they can draw power from that Path. Those who can do so are called Pathstriders.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 147.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Pathstriders possess extraordinary power, but are still insignificant compared to the Aeons, like a drop of water in a vast ocean. Sometimes, Aeons will bestow a mortal with their power, making them an "Emanator" of that Aeon.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 149.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I should mention that once a Path is open, it cannot be closed, even with the fall of its Aeon. That is how we are still able to travel across the stars, despite Akivili's passing.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Trailblaze...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050748-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 150.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' "Trailblaze" is our mission and the source of strength that powers the Express to travel across the galaxy.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_100050306_61-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_100050306_61-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Exploration...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050750-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 151.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Explore the unknown world to continue our journey ahead.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Understanding...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050752-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 152.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Understand the local culture and immerse ourselves within it.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Establishing...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050754-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 153.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Establish a connection with the new world &mdash; rejoice with it and share in its fears.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Connection...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050756-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 154.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Connect worlds together, carving an endless path.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the galaxy...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050722-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 130.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The galaxy is endlessly vast. I wouldn't know where to begin, especially if you ask me that so suddenly...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_100050306_33-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_100050306_33-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About its nature...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050724-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 131.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I've been to many different worlds, yet I still know very little about the galaxy, simply because it's too vast. As for its nature, there are a few theories that I can share with you.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 132.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The most popular is probably the Cosmos Tree theory, proposed by Zandar, Emanator of Erudition and the first member of the Genius Society. He compared the galaxy to an enormous imaginary tree, with its leaves being individual universes.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 133.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Therefore, only Aeons, who draw their energy from the imaginary, and Emanators, who are blessed by Aeons, can travel through the spaces filled with imaginary energy. That's why planets where civilizations exist are so similar.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 134.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' However, the theory has its flaws. Elias Salas, the 56th member of the Genius Society, invented remote detection, disproving that the imaginary is unique. This shook the foundation of the "Cosmos Tree" theory.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 135.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' There are other theories as well: The "Stretching" theory, the "Heat Torch" theory, and the "Parallel Imaging" theory... The Riddlers claim the galaxy is just a dream and IX's followers seem to like that claim.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Aeons...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050730-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 136.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Aeons are the most mysterious beings in the galaxy. All we know is that THEY ascended from the form of intelligent beings. As for the how and why, even the geniuses over at the Genius Society haven't the slightest clue.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 137.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Upon ascending to Aeon-hood, that being gains power over the Paths, free to choose the allocation of imaginary energy however THEY wish, while suffering the restrictions of the "Primum Mobile."
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 138.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The Aeon of Destruction seeks only to destroy the universe, while the Aeon of Erudition wants to find the answer for all that exists. Meanwhile, the Aeon of Preservation continues to forge walls, and the Aeon of Enigmata devotes themself to obscuring all that is known...
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 139.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' A cloud of mystery shrouds the Aeons. I heard Madam Herta recruited a team to try and solve the mysteries about THEM.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the factions...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050735-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 140.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Compared to the Aeons, the factions are much easier to understand. Mortals with the same objective gather together to practice their understanding of Aeons and the Paths.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 141.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Many Aeons are unreachable, but the factions are close to us. After Akivili trailblazed across the galaxy, people became aware of the existence of other worlds. Gradually, more people started trying to use the power of the Aeons to travel between worlds.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 142.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The Interastral Peace Corporation is a good example: They worship Qlipoth, the Aeon of Preservation, but somehow became the largest economic entity in the galaxy;
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 143.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Another example is the Genius Society: There is no shortage of eccentrics like Madam Herta who dedicate themselves to scientific research under the protection of the Erudition.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 144.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' These factions possess the same power as us to voyage between worlds. It would be hard to travel through the galaxy without them.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Paths...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050741-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 145.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The birth of an Aeon gives rise to a Path. The nature of the Paths remains a mystery, leaving us to draw an analogy in a way that mortals can understand: It's a philosophical concept of sorts.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 146.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' A person is considered to be on a Path when their will overlaps with that Path. If the person has a strong enough will, they can draw power from that Path. Those who can do so are called Pathstriders.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 147.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Pathstriders possess extraordinary power, but are still insignificant compared to the Aeons, like a drop of water in a vast ocean. Sometimes, Aeons will bestow a mortal with their power, making them an "Emanator" of that Aeon.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 149.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I should mention that once a Path is open, it cannot be closed, even with the fall of its Aeon. That is how we are still able to travel across the stars, despite Akivili's passing.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I have another question...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_100050306_10-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050704-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 118.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Ohh, you want to know more about the Express? I'm glad. After all, it's an important companion of ours.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_100050306_13-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_100050306_13-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the history of the Express...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050706-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 119.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The Astral Express was a tool created by Akivili the Trailblaze, who used it to transport THEMSELF and the Nameless across the galaxy. It is rumored that there are other vehicles like it, but the Express has no such records.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 120.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' When I found the Express, its memory had been severely damaged, with much of its valuable information lost. All I know is that the Express is an Aspect of Creation built by Akivili themself, and used to travel the cosmos.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 121.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' As for how it was built and how it was damaged, I do not have an answer.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About where the Express is headed...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050710-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 122.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The Express is traveling on a route that the Trailblaze once embarked on. The names of some destinations have been lost, but the first and final stops were both at Pegana &mdash; Akivili's home world.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 123.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' We speculate the Astral Express started its journey from Pegana, stopping at each destination along the way before returning there for its next journey. However, the appearance of the Stellarons has caused a delay at each stop.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express' source of power...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050713-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 124.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' There is a legend in the galaxy: The heart of Akivili themself lies in the core of the Astral Express, providing it with the power to travel between worlds. But I found no evidence of that aboard the Express.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 125.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Besides, the Express existed before the Trailblaze fell. There's no way they could have had two hearts, right? However, it is likely that the Express possesses some sort of mechanism to transfer power from the Trailblaze.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 126.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' It wouldn't be possible with a normal Pathstrider.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Akivili...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050717-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 127.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The fallen Aeon, deceased Trailblaze &mdash; THEIR passing is still a mystery, but of all the known Aeons, Akivili was the closest to mankind.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 128.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' In the databank aboard the Express, it is recorded that THEY walked among the mortals &mdash; adventuring, fighting, and celebrating with THEM. Although THEY were an Aeon restrained by the "Primum Mobile," Akivili enjoyed a freedom similar to us mortals.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 129.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' THEY were different from most... But THEIR passing came so suddenly that it was thought THEY were killed by another Aeon. I don't believe that to be the case.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Trailblaze...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050748-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 150.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' "Trailblaze" is our mission and the source of strength that powers the Express to travel across the galaxy.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_100050306_61-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_100050306_61-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Exploration...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050750-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 151.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Explore the unknown world to continue our journey ahead.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Understanding...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050752-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 152.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Understand the local culture and immerse ourselves within it.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Establishing...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050754-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 153.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Establish a connection with the new world &mdash; rejoice with it and share in its fears.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Connection...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050756-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 154.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Connect worlds together, carving an endless path.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Trailblaze...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050748-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 150.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' "Trailblaze" is our mission and the source of strength that powers the Express to travel across the galaxy.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_100050306_61-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_100050306_61-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Exploration...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050750-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 151.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Explore the unknown world to continue our journey ahead.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Understanding...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050752-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 152.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Understand the local culture and immerse ourselves within it.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Establishing...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050754-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 153.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Establish a connection with the new world &mdash; rejoice with it and share in its fears.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Connection...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050756-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 154.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Connect worlds together, carving an endless path.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I have another question...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_100050306_10-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050704-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 118.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Ohh, you want to know more about the Express? I'm glad. After all, it's an important companion of ours.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_100050306_13-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_100050306_13-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the history of the Express...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050706-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 119.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The Astral Express was a tool created by Akivili the Trailblaze, who used it to transport THEMSELF and the Nameless across the galaxy. It is rumored that there are other vehicles like it, but the Express has no such records.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 120.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' When I found the Express, its memory had been severely damaged, with much of its valuable information lost. All I know is that the Express is an Aspect of Creation built by Akivili themself, and used to travel the cosmos.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 121.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' As for how it was built and how it was damaged, I do not have an answer.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About where the Express is headed...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050710-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 122.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The Express is traveling on a route that the Trailblaze once embarked on. The names of some destinations have been lost, but the first and final stops were both at Pegana &mdash; Akivili's home world.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 123.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' We speculate the Astral Express started its journey from Pegana, stopping at each destination along the way before returning there for its next journey. However, the appearance of the Stellarons has caused a delay at each stop.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express' source of power...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050713-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 124.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' There is a legend in the galaxy: The heart of Akivili themself lies in the core of the Astral Express, providing it with the power to travel between worlds. But I found no evidence of that aboard the Express.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 125.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Besides, the Express existed before the Trailblaze fell. There's no way they could have had two hearts, right? However, it is likely that the Express possesses some sort of mechanism to transfer power from the Trailblaze.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 126.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' It wouldn't be possible with a normal Pathstrider.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Akivili...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050717-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 127.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The fallen Aeon, deceased Trailblaze &mdash; THEIR passing is still a mystery, but of all the known Aeons, Akivili was the closest to mankind.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 128.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' In the databank aboard the Express, it is recorded that THEY walked among the mortals &mdash; adventuring, fighting, and celebrating with THEM. Although THEY were an Aeon restrained by the "Primum Mobile," Akivili enjoyed a freedom similar to us mortals.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 129.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' THEY were different from most... But THEIR passing came so suddenly that it was thought THEY were killed by another Aeon. I don't believe that to be the case.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the galaxy...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050722-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 130.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The galaxy is endlessly vast. I wouldn't know where to begin, especially if you ask me that so suddenly...
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_100050306_33-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_100050306_33-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About its nature...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050724-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 131.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I've been to many different worlds, yet I still know very little about the galaxy, simply because it's too vast. As for its nature, there are a few theories that I can share with you.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 132.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The most popular is probably the Cosmos Tree theory, proposed by Zandar, Emanator of Erudition and the first member of the Genius Society. He compared the galaxy to an enormous imaginary tree, with its leaves being individual universes.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 133.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Therefore, only Aeons, who draw their energy from the imaginary, and Emanators, who are blessed by Aeons, can travel through the spaces filled with imaginary energy. That's why planets where civilizations exist are so similar.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 134.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' However, the theory has its flaws. Elias Salas, the 56th member of the Genius Society, invented remote detection, disproving that the imaginary is unique. This shook the foundation of the "Cosmos Tree" theory.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 135.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' There are other theories as well: The "Stretching" theory, the "Heat Torch" theory, and the "Parallel Imaging" theory... The Riddlers claim the galaxy is just a dream and IX's followers seem to like that claim.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Aeons...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050730-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 136.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Aeons are the most mysterious beings in the galaxy. All we know is that THEY ascended from the form of intelligent beings. As for the how and why, even the geniuses over at the Genius Society haven't the slightest clue.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 137.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Upon ascending to Aeon-hood, that being gains power over the Paths, free to choose the allocation of imaginary energy however THEY wish, while suffering the restrictions of the "Primum Mobile."
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 138.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The Aeon of Destruction seeks only to destroy the universe, while the Aeon of Erudition wants to find the answer for all that exists. Meanwhile, the Aeon of Preservation continues to forge walls, and the Aeon of Enigmata devotes themself to obscuring all that is known...
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 139.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' A cloud of mystery shrouds the Aeons. I heard Madam Herta recruited a team to try and solve the mysteries about THEM.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the factions...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050735-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 140.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Compared to the Aeons, the factions are much easier to understand. Mortals with the same objective gather together to practice their understanding of Aeons and the Paths.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 141.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Many Aeons are unreachable, but the factions are close to us. After Akivili trailblazed across the galaxy, people became aware of the existence of other worlds. Gradually, more people started trying to use the power of the Aeons to travel between worlds.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 142.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The Interastral Peace Corporation is a good example: They worship Qlipoth, the Aeon of Preservation, but somehow became the largest economic entity in the galaxy;
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 143.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Another example is the Genius Society: There is no shortage of eccentrics like Madam Herta who dedicate themselves to scientific research under the protection of the Erudition.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 144.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' These factions possess the same power as us to voyage between worlds. It would be hard to travel through the galaxy without them.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Paths...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050741-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 145.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' The birth of an Aeon gives rise to a Path. The nature of the Paths remains a mystery, leaving us to draw an analogy in a way that mortals can understand: It's a philosophical concept of sorts.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 146.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' A person is considered to be on a Path when their will overlaps with that Path. If the person has a strong enough will, they can draw power from that Path. Those who can do so are called Pathstriders.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 147.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Pathstriders possess extraordinary power, but are still insignificant compared to the Aeons, like a drop of water in a vast ocean. Sometimes, Aeons will bestow a mortal with their power, making them an "Emanator" of that Aeon.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 7 himeko 149.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I should mention that once a Path is open, it cannot be closed, even with the fall of its Aeon. That is how we are still able to travel across the stars, despite Akivili's passing.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Otherwise)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 599000100: Config/Level/Mission/5990001/Act/Act599000100.json-->
::'''Himeko:''' What is it, (Trailblazer)?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 602020195-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Show Kafka's message.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 602020195: Config/Level/Mission/6020201/Act/Act602020195.json-->
::{{A|VO side2 kfk1 himeko 102.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Really? So she's still on the Xianzhou.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What do you think I should do?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Can you go instead of me?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202100005-->
::{{A|VO side2 kfk1 himeko 103.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Me? I'd suggest you go yourself. Even if you don't want any more dealings with her, it's best to say that to her in person... Reading this message, it seems like she may really need your help.
::{{A|VO side2 kfk1 himeko 104 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 kfk1 himeko 104 f.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' As a passenger of the Express, I don't want anything to do with the Stellaron Hunters. But... she does have a deep connection with you, (Trailblazer). Based on her actions so far, it seems like she has no ill will towards you.
::{{A|VO side2 kfk1 himeko 105.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' If it were me seeking help from someone in a time of crisis, I'd sure hope they showed up in person...
::{{A|VO side2 kfk1 himeko 106 m.ogg}} {{A|VO side2 kfk1 himeko 106 f.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' So, (Trailblazer), do as you see fit. I don't think Kafka intends to do you harm.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_602020195JZ-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200020101-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} (Recount the situation in the group chat to Himeko.)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200020101: Config/Level/Mission/2000201/Act/Act200020101.json-->
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 102.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' It must be difficult for Asta. Being the lead researcher isn't easy.
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 103.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' As soon as the Legion exits stage right, in comes the gossip... How does that saying go again? "Greet enemies outside with a smile, greet enemies inside with a sword..."
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 104.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Such is the Herta company culture...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem pretty cheerful about it.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020110-->
:::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 105.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' What do you mean? This is such an inter&mdash; Uh... inconvenient situation.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Company culture stems from the company owner...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020115-->
:::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 106.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Haha, Herta doesn't really have anything to do with it. I'm afraid wherever you find people, you find gossip of some variety.
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 107 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 107 f.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' (Trailblazer), are you thinking of getting involved?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No, just eating popcorn on the sidelines...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I really want to help Asta.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020111-->
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 108.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Well, while these rumors have nothing to do with us, they do concern the reputation of young Asta. And turning a blind eye is not the way of the Nameless.
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 109.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' Solving a matter like this won't be difficult. Predictably, the crowd cares more about the drama than the facts. Stopping the rumors from brewing is more important right now than laying out the truth... and it's better to unearth the source of the rumors directly than to painstakingly try to refute them one by one.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} As always, your guidance is wise.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020118-->
:::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 110 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 110 f.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' You're a smooth talker, (Trailblazer).
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So we get rid of the troublemaker, right?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020120-->
:::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 111.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' No, no... that's not what I meant...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020121-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020121-->
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 112.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I have a friend &mdash; they say there isn't a single piece of station gossip she doesn't know about.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Talking about yourself?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't realize you liked gossip too, Himeko...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020124-->
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 113.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' First of all, it's not me. Secondly, I don't make friends JUST for the sake of gossip.
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 114.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' It's just that my friend is pretty amazing, and I think you might be able to extract some information from her. Let's see... Right now she's probably slacking off somewhere outside the department.
::{{A|VO Side0 ast1 himeko 115.ogg}} '''Himeko:''' I don't know her real name, but she calls herself {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Gossipmonger}}....
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200020101-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} There's something I want to ask.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 599000101: Config/Level/Mission/5990001/Act/Act599000101.json-->
::'''Himeko:''' Ask away, (Trailblazer). I will always have time for you.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_12-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_12-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About companions...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000105-->
:::'''Himeko:''' You want to understand more about the Nameless? Sure, I'll keep it short.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_15-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_15-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Himeko...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000107-->
::::'''Himeko:''' Me? Ahhh, I don't have an interesting past...
::::'''Himeko:''' Long before I was born, the Astral Express crashed onto my world. I found it when I was still young. From then on, my life became closely bound to it.
::::'''Himeko:''' It took me ages to repair the Express and board it to travel to the stars... It was the wish of the Express and my dream to set sail through the unknown sea of stars.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Welt...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000111-->
::::'''Himeko:''' Welt? He may appear to be a kind old man, but deep inside he's still a strapping youth with a hopeful heart. Don't tell him I said that though.
::::'''Himeko:''' When we first met Welt, he and his friend were drifting through space. The Express saved the two of them.
::::'''Himeko:''' Welt is still trying to find a way back home to a planet that I've never heard of. However, it seems he's more interested in going on adventures. It's been a while since I've heard him mention going home.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Dan Heng...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000115-->
::::'''Himeko:''' It wouldn't be right of me to talk about Dan Heng without his permission, but it seems he has enemies after him. He boarded the Astral Express by coincidence, and stayed because he had nowhere else to go.
::::'''Himeko:''' Now he is the biologist and overseer of the data bank on the Express. It's strange... With how much he likes to read, I'm surprised he doesn't like to talk with Madam Herta.
::::'''Himeko:''' If you want to know more, ask him yourself.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About March 7th...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000119-->
::::'''Himeko:''' Despite her cheerful demeanor, March is very anxious inside.
::::'''Himeko:''' When the Express found her, she was sealed in an enormous piece of Six-Phased Ice... It took Welt a lot of work to get her back to the Express. Not long after, the Six-Phased Ice melted and vanished before our eyes.
::::'''Himeko:''' March couldn't remember anything when she woke up. The people on the Express have at least a place to call home, but that's not the case for her. She doesn't have anywhere to return to outside of the Express.
::::'''Himeko:''' Lately, she's been getting more proactive, but I believe she's only trying to cover up her fear with a superficial happiness...
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I have another question...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_12-->
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000125-->
:::::'''Himeko:''' Ohh, you want to know more about the Express? I'm glad. After all, it's an important companion of ours.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_37-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_37-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the history of the Express...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000127-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' The Astral Express was a tool created by Akivili the Trailblaze, who used it to transport THEMSELF and the Nameless across the galaxy. It is rumored that there are other vehicles like it, but the Express has no such records.
::::::'''Himeko:''' When I found the Express, its memory had been severely damaged, with much of its valuable information lost. All I know is that the Express is an Aspect of Creation built by Akivili themself, and used to travel the cosmos.
::::::'''Himeko:''' As for how it was built and how it was damaged, I do not have an answer.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About where the Express is headed...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000131-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' The Express is traveling on a route that Trailblaze once embarked on. The names of some destinations have been lost, but the first and final stops were both at Pegana &mdash; Akivili's home world.
::::::'''Himeko:''' We speculate the Astral Express started its journey from Pegana, stopping at each destination along the way before returning there for its next journey. However, the appearance of the Stellarons has caused a delay at each stop.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express' source of power...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000134-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' There is a legend in the galaxy: The heart of Akivili themself lies in the core of the Astral Express, providing it with the power to travel between worlds. But I found no evidence of that aboard the Express.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Besides, the Express existed before the Trailblaze fell. There's no way they could have had two hearts, right? However, it is likely that the Express possesses some sort of mechanism to transfer power from the Path of Trailblaze.
::::::'''Himeko:''' It wouldn't be possible with a normal Pathstrider.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Akivili...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000138-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' The fallen Aeon, deceased Trailblaze &mdash; THEIR passing is still a mystery, but of all the known Aeons, Akivili was the closest to mankind.
::::::'''Himeko:''' In the databank aboard the Express, it is recorded that THEY walked among the mortals &mdash; adventuring, fighting, and celebrating with THEM. Although THEY were an Aeon restrained by the "Primum Mobile," Akivili enjoyed a freedom similar to us mortals.
::::::'''Himeko:''' THEY were different from most... But THEIR passing came so suddenly that it was thought THEY were killed by another Aeon. I don't believe that to be the case.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the galaxy...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000143-->
:::::'''Himeko:''' The galaxy is endlessly vast. I wouldn't know where to begin, especially if you ask me that so suddenly...
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_57-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_57-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About its nature...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000145-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' I've been to many different worlds, yet I still know very little about the galaxy, simply because it's too vast. As for its nature, there are a few theories that I can share with you.
::::::'''Himeko:''' The most popular is probably the Cosmos Tree theory, proposed by Zandar, Emanator of Erudition and the first member of the Genius Society. He compared the galaxy to an enormous imaginary tree, with its leaves being individual universes.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Therefore, only Aeons, who draw their energy from the imaginary, and Emanators, who are blessed by Aeons, can travel through the spaces filled with imaginary energy. That's why planets where civilizations exist are so similar.
::::::'''Himeko:''' The theory has its flaws. Elias Salas, the 56th member of the Genius Society, invented ultraremote sensing, proving that the Imaginary element is unique. This shook the foundation of the "Cosmos Tree" theory.
::::::'''Himeko:''' There are other theories as well: The "Stretching" theory, the "Heat Torch" theory, and the "Parallel Imaging" theory... The Riddlers claim the galaxy is just a dream and IX's followers seem to like that claim.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Aeons...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000151-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Aeons are the most mysterious beings in the galaxy. All we know is that THEY ascended from the form of intelligent beings. As for the how and why, even the geniuses over at the Genius Society haven't the slightest clue.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Upon ascending to Aeon-hood, that being gains power over the Paths, free to choose the allocation of imaginary energy however THEY wish, while suffering the restrictions of the "Primum Mobile."
::::::'''Himeko:''' The Aeon of Destruction seeks only to destroy the universe, while the Aeon of Erudition wants to find the answer for all that exists. Meanwhile, the Aeon of Preservation continues to forge walls, and the Aeon of Enigmata devotes themself to obscuring all that is known...
::::::'''Himeko:''' A cloud of mystery shrouds the Aeons. I heard Madam Herta recruited a team to try and solve the mysteries about THEM.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the factions...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000156-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Compared to the Aeons, the factions are much easier to understand. Mortals with the same objective gather together to practice their understanding of Aeons and the Paths.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Many Aeons are unreachable, but the factions are close to us. After Akivili trailblazed across the galaxy, people became aware of the existence of other worlds. Gradually, more people started trying to use the power of the Aeons to travel between worlds.
::::::'''Himeko:''' The Interastral Peace Corporation is a good example: They worship Qlipoth, the Aeon of Preservation, but somehow became the largest economic entity in the galaxy.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Another example is the Genius Society: There is no shortage of eccentrics like Madam Herta who dedicate themselves to scientific research under the protection of Erudition.
::::::'''Himeko:''' These factions possess the same power as us to voyage between worlds. It would be hard to travel through the galaxy without them.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Paths...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000162-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' The birth of an Aeon gives rise to a Path. The nature of the Paths remains a mystery, leaving us to draw an analogy in a way that mortals can understand: It's a philosophical concept of sorts.
::::::'''Himeko:''' A person is considered to be on a Path when their will overlaps with that Path. If the person has a strong enough will, they can draw power from that Path. Those who can do so are called Pathstriders.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Pathstriders possess extraordinary power, but are still insignificant compared to the Aeons, like a drop of water in a vast ocean. Sometimes, Aeons will bestow a mortal with their power, making them an "Emanator" of that Aeon.
::::::'''Himeko:''' I should mention that once a Path is open, it cannot be closed, even with the fall of its Aeon. That is how we are still able to travel across the stars, despite Akivili's passing.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Trailblaze...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000169-->
:::::'''Himeko:''' "Trailblaze" is our mission and the source of strength that powers the Express to travel across the galaxy.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_85-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_85-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Exploration...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000171-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Explore the unknown world to continue our journey ahead.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Understanding...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000173-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Understand the local culture and immerse ourselves within it.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Establishing...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000175-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Establish a connection with the new world &mdash; rejoice with it and share in its fears.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Connection...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000177-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Connect worlds together, carving an endless path.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000125-->
:::'''Himeko:''' Ohh, you want to know more about the Express? I'm glad. After all, it's an important companion of ours.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_37-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_37-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the history of the Express...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000127-->
::::'''Himeko:''' The Astral Express was a tool created by Akivili the Trailblaze, who used it to transport THEMSELF and the Nameless across the galaxy. It is rumored that there are other vehicles like it, but the Express has no such records.
::::'''Himeko:''' When I found the Express, its memory had been severely damaged, with much of its valuable information lost. All I know is that the Express is an Aspect of Creation built by Akivili themself, and used to travel the cosmos.
::::'''Himeko:''' As for how it was built and how it was damaged, I do not have an answer.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About where the Express is headed...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000131-->
::::'''Himeko:''' The Express is traveling on a route that Trailblaze once embarked on. The names of some destinations have been lost, but the first and final stops were both at Pegana &mdash; Akivili's home world.
::::'''Himeko:''' We speculate the Astral Express started its journey from Pegana, stopping at each destination along the way before returning there for its next journey. However, the appearance of the Stellarons has caused a delay at each stop.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express' source of power...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000134-->
::::'''Himeko:''' There is a legend in the galaxy: The heart of Akivili themself lies in the core of the Astral Express, providing it with the power to travel between worlds. But I found no evidence of that aboard the Express.
::::'''Himeko:''' Besides, the Express existed before the Trailblaze fell. There's no way they could have had two hearts, right? However, it is likely that the Express possesses some sort of mechanism to transfer power from the Path of Trailblaze.
::::'''Himeko:''' It wouldn't be possible with a normal Pathstrider.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Akivili...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000138-->
::::'''Himeko:''' The fallen Aeon, deceased Trailblaze &mdash; THEIR passing is still a mystery, but of all the known Aeons, Akivili was the closest to mankind.
::::'''Himeko:''' In the databank aboard the Express, it is recorded that THEY walked among the mortals &mdash; adventuring, fighting, and celebrating with THEM. Although THEY were an Aeon restrained by the "Primum Mobile," Akivili enjoyed a freedom similar to us mortals.
::::'''Himeko:''' THEY were different from most... But THEIR passing came so suddenly that it was thought THEY were killed by another Aeon. I don't believe that to be the case.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I have another question...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_12-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About companions...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000105-->
:::::'''Himeko:''' You want to understand more about the Nameless? Sure, I'll keep it short.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_15-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_15-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Himeko...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000107-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Me? Ahhh, I don't have an interesting past...
::::::'''Himeko:''' Long before I was born, the Astral Express crashed onto my world. I found it when I was still young. From then on, my life became closely bound to it.
::::::'''Himeko:''' It took me ages to repair the Express and board it to travel to the stars... It was the wish of the Express and my dream to set sail through the unknown sea of stars.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Welt...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000111-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Welt? He may appear to be a kind old man, but deep inside he's still a strapping youth with a hopeful heart. Don't tell him I said that though.
::::::'''Himeko:''' When we first met Welt, he and his friend were drifting through space. The Express saved the two of them.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Welt is still trying to find a way back home to a planet that I've never heard of. However, it seems he's more interested in going on adventures. It's been a while since I've heard him mention going home.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Dan Heng...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000115-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' It wouldn't be right of me to talk about Dan Heng without his permission, but it seems he has enemies after him. He boarded the Astral Express by coincidence, and stayed because he had nowhere else to go.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Now he is the biologist and overseer of the data bank on the Express. It's strange... With how much he likes to read, I'm surprised he doesn't like to talk with Madam Herta.
::::::'''Himeko:''' If you want to know more, ask him yourself.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About March 7th...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000119-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Despite her cheerful demeanor, March is very anxious inside.
::::::'''Himeko:''' When the Express found her, she was sealed in an enormous piece of Six-Phased Ice... It took Welt a lot of work to get her back to the Express. Not long after, the Six-Phased Ice melted and vanished before our eyes.
::::::'''Himeko:''' March couldn't remember anything when she woke up. The people on the Express have at least a place to call home, but that's not the case for her. She doesn't have anywhere to return to outside of the Express.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Lately, she's been getting more proactive, but I believe she's only trying to cover up her fear with a superficial happiness...
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the galaxy...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000143-->
:::::'''Himeko:''' The galaxy is endlessly vast. I wouldn't know where to begin, especially if you ask me that so suddenly...
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_57-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_57-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About its nature...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000145-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' I've been to many different worlds, yet I still know very little about the galaxy, simply because it's too vast. As for its nature, there are a few theories that I can share with you.
::::::'''Himeko:''' The most popular is probably the Cosmos Tree theory, proposed by Zandar, Emanator of Erudition and the first member of the Genius Society. He compared the galaxy to an enormous imaginary tree, with its leaves being individual universes.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Therefore, only Aeons, who draw their energy from the imaginary, and Emanators, who are blessed by Aeons, can travel through the spaces filled with imaginary energy. That's why planets where civilizations exist are so similar.
::::::'''Himeko:''' The theory has its flaws. Elias Salas, the 56th member of the Genius Society, invented ultraremote sensing, proving that the Imaginary element is unique. This shook the foundation of the "Cosmos Tree" theory.
::::::'''Himeko:''' There are other theories as well: The "Stretching" theory, the "Heat Torch" theory, and the "Parallel Imaging" theory... The Riddlers claim the galaxy is just a dream and IX's followers seem to like that claim.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Aeons...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000151-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Aeons are the most mysterious beings in the galaxy. All we know is that THEY ascended from the form of intelligent beings. As for the how and why, even the geniuses over at the Genius Society haven't the slightest clue.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Upon ascending to Aeon-hood, that being gains power over the Paths, free to choose the allocation of imaginary energy however THEY wish, while suffering the restrictions of the "Primum Mobile."
::::::'''Himeko:''' The Aeon of Destruction seeks only to destroy the universe, while the Aeon of Erudition wants to find the answer for all that exists. Meanwhile, the Aeon of Preservation continues to forge walls, and the Aeon of Enigmata devotes themself to obscuring all that is known...
::::::'''Himeko:''' A cloud of mystery shrouds the Aeons. I heard Madam Herta recruited a team to try and solve the mysteries about THEM.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the factions...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000156-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Compared to the Aeons, the factions are much easier to understand. Mortals with the same objective gather together to practice their understanding of Aeons and the Paths.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Many Aeons are unreachable, but the factions are close to us. After Akivili trailblazed across the galaxy, people became aware of the existence of other worlds. Gradually, more people started trying to use the power of the Aeons to travel between worlds.
::::::'''Himeko:''' The Interastral Peace Corporation is a good example: They worship Qlipoth, the Aeon of Preservation, but somehow became the largest economic entity in the galaxy.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Another example is the Genius Society: There is no shortage of eccentrics like Madam Herta who dedicate themselves to scientific research under the protection of Erudition.
::::::'''Himeko:''' These factions possess the same power as us to voyage between worlds. It would be hard to travel through the galaxy without them.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Paths...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000162-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' The birth of an Aeon gives rise to a Path. The nature of the Paths remains a mystery, leaving us to draw an analogy in a way that mortals can understand: It's a philosophical concept of sorts.
::::::'''Himeko:''' A person is considered to be on a Path when their will overlaps with that Path. If the person has a strong enough will, they can draw power from that Path. Those who can do so are called Pathstriders.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Pathstriders possess extraordinary power, but are still insignificant compared to the Aeons, like a drop of water in a vast ocean. Sometimes, Aeons will bestow a mortal with their power, making them an "Emanator" of that Aeon.
::::::'''Himeko:''' I should mention that once a Path is open, it cannot be closed, even with the fall of its Aeon. That is how we are still able to travel across the stars, despite Akivili's passing.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Trailblaze...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000169-->
:::::'''Himeko:''' "Trailblaze" is our mission and the source of strength that powers the Express to travel across the galaxy.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_85-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_85-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Exploration...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000171-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Explore the unknown world to continue our journey ahead.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Understanding...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000173-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Understand the local culture and immerse ourselves within it.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Establishing...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000175-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Establish a connection with the new world &mdash; rejoice with it and share in its fears.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Connection...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000177-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Connect worlds together, carving an endless path.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the galaxy...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000143-->
:::'''Himeko:''' The galaxy is endlessly vast. I wouldn't know where to begin, especially if you ask me that so suddenly...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_57-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_57-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About its nature...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000145-->
::::'''Himeko:''' I've been to many different worlds, yet I still know very little about the galaxy, simply because it's too vast. As for its nature, there are a few theories that I can share with you.
::::'''Himeko:''' The most popular is probably the Cosmos Tree theory, proposed by Zandar, Emanator of Erudition and the first member of the Genius Society. He compared the galaxy to an enormous imaginary tree, with its leaves being individual universes.
::::'''Himeko:''' Therefore, only Aeons, who draw their energy from the imaginary, and Emanators, who are blessed by Aeons, can travel through the spaces filled with imaginary energy. That's why planets where civilizations exist are so similar.
::::'''Himeko:''' The theory has its flaws. Elias Salas, the 56th member of the Genius Society, invented ultraremote sensing, proving that the Imaginary element is unique. This shook the foundation of the "Cosmos Tree" theory.
::::'''Himeko:''' There are other theories as well: The "Stretching" theory, the "Heat Torch" theory, and the "Parallel Imaging" theory... The Riddlers claim the galaxy is just a dream and IX's followers seem to like that claim.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Aeons...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000151-->
::::'''Himeko:''' Aeons are the most mysterious beings in the galaxy. All we know is that THEY ascended from the form of intelligent beings. As for the how and why, even the geniuses over at the Genius Society haven't the slightest clue.
::::'''Himeko:''' Upon ascending to Aeon-hood, that being gains power over the Paths, free to choose the allocation of imaginary energy however THEY wish, while suffering the restrictions of the "Primum Mobile."
::::'''Himeko:''' The Aeon of Destruction seeks only to destroy the universe, while the Aeon of Erudition wants to find the answer for all that exists. Meanwhile, the Aeon of Preservation continues to forge walls, and the Aeon of Enigmata devotes themself to obscuring all that is known...
::::'''Himeko:''' A cloud of mystery shrouds the Aeons. I heard Madam Herta recruited a team to try and solve the mysteries about THEM.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the factions...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000156-->
::::'''Himeko:''' Compared to the Aeons, the factions are much easier to understand. Mortals with the same objective gather together to practice their understanding of Aeons and the Paths.
::::'''Himeko:''' Many Aeons are unreachable, but the factions are close to us. After Akivili trailblazed across the galaxy, people became aware of the existence of other worlds. Gradually, more people started trying to use the power of the Aeons to travel between worlds.
::::'''Himeko:''' The Interastral Peace Corporation is a good example: They worship Qlipoth, the Aeon of Preservation, but somehow became the largest economic entity in the galaxy.
::::'''Himeko:''' Another example is the Genius Society: There is no shortage of eccentrics like Madam Herta who dedicate themselves to scientific research under the protection of Erudition.
::::'''Himeko:''' These factions possess the same power as us to voyage between worlds. It would be hard to travel through the galaxy without them.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Paths...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000162-->
::::'''Himeko:''' The birth of an Aeon gives rise to a Path. The nature of the Paths remains a mystery, leaving us to draw an analogy in a way that mortals can understand: It's a philosophical concept of sorts.
::::'''Himeko:''' A person is considered to be on a Path when their will overlaps with that Path. If the person has a strong enough will, they can draw power from that Path. Those who can do so are called Pathstriders.
::::'''Himeko:''' Pathstriders possess extraordinary power, but are still insignificant compared to the Aeons, like a drop of water in a vast ocean. Sometimes, Aeons will bestow a mortal with their power, making them an "Emanator" of that Aeon.
::::'''Himeko:''' I should mention that once a Path is open, it cannot be closed, even with the fall of its Aeon. That is how we are still able to travel across the stars, despite Akivili's passing.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I have another question...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_12-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About companions...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000105-->
:::::'''Himeko:''' You want to understand more about the Nameless? Sure, I'll keep it short.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_15-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_15-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Himeko...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000107-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Me? Ahhh, I don't have an interesting past...
::::::'''Himeko:''' Long before I was born, the Astral Express crashed onto my world. I found it when I was still young. From then on, my life became closely bound to it.
::::::'''Himeko:''' It took me ages to repair the Express and board it to travel to the stars... It was the wish of the Express and my dream to set sail through the unknown sea of stars.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Welt...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000111-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Welt? He may appear to be a kind old man, but deep inside he's still a strapping youth with a hopeful heart. Don't tell him I said that though.
::::::'''Himeko:''' When we first met Welt, he and his friend were drifting through space. The Express saved the two of them.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Welt is still trying to find a way back home to a planet that I've never heard of. However, it seems he's more interested in going on adventures. It's been a while since I've heard him mention going home.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Dan Heng...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000115-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' It wouldn't be right of me to talk about Dan Heng without his permission, but it seems he has enemies after him. He boarded the Astral Express by coincidence, and stayed because he had nowhere else to go.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Now he is the biologist and overseer of the data bank on the Express. It's strange... With how much he likes to read, I'm surprised he doesn't like to talk with Madam Herta.
::::::'''Himeko:''' If you want to know more, ask him yourself.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About March 7th...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000119-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Despite her cheerful demeanor, March is very anxious inside.
::::::'''Himeko:''' When the Express found her, she was sealed in an enormous piece of Six-Phased Ice... It took Welt a lot of work to get her back to the Express. Not long after, the Six-Phased Ice melted and vanished before our eyes.
::::::'''Himeko:''' March couldn't remember anything when she woke up. The people on the Express have at least a place to call home, but that's not the case for her. She doesn't have anywhere to return to outside of the Express.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Lately, she's been getting more proactive, but I believe she's only trying to cover up her fear with a superficial happiness...
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000125-->
:::::'''Himeko:''' Ohh, you want to know more about the Express? I'm glad. After all, it's an important companion of ours.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_37-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_37-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the history of the Express...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000127-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' The Astral Express was a tool created by Akivili the Trailblaze, who used it to transport THEMSELF and the Nameless across the galaxy. It is rumored that there are other vehicles like it, but the Express has no such records.
::::::'''Himeko:''' When I found the Express, its memory had been severely damaged, with much of its valuable information lost. All I know is that the Express is an Aspect of Creation built by Akivili themself, and used to travel the cosmos.
::::::'''Himeko:''' As for how it was built and how it was damaged, I do not have an answer.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About where the Express is headed...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000131-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' The Express is traveling on a route that Trailblaze once embarked on. The names of some destinations have been lost, but the first and final stops were both at Pegana &mdash; Akivili's home world.
::::::'''Himeko:''' We speculate the Astral Express started its journey from Pegana, stopping at each destination along the way before returning there for its next journey. However, the appearance of the Stellarons has caused a delay at each stop.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express' source of power...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000134-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' There is a legend in the galaxy: The heart of Akivili themself lies in the core of the Astral Express, providing it with the power to travel between worlds. But I found no evidence of that aboard the Express.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Besides, the Express existed before the Trailblaze fell. There's no way they could have had two hearts, right? However, it is likely that the Express possesses some sort of mechanism to transfer power from the Path of Trailblaze.
::::::'''Himeko:''' It wouldn't be possible with a normal Pathstrider.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Akivili...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000138-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' The fallen Aeon, deceased Trailblaze &mdash; THEIR passing is still a mystery, but of all the known Aeons, Akivili was the closest to mankind.
::::::'''Himeko:''' In the databank aboard the Express, it is recorded that THEY walked among the mortals &mdash; adventuring, fighting, and celebrating with THEM. Although THEY were an Aeon restrained by the "Primum Mobile," Akivili enjoyed a freedom similar to us mortals.
::::::'''Himeko:''' THEY were different from most... But THEIR passing came so suddenly that it was thought THEY were killed by another Aeon. I don't believe that to be the case.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Trailblaze...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000169-->
:::::'''Himeko:''' "Trailblaze" is our mission and the source of strength that powers the Express to travel across the galaxy.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_85-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_85-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Exploration...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000171-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Explore the unknown world to continue our journey ahead.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Understanding...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000173-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Understand the local culture and immerse ourselves within it.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Establishing...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000175-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Establish a connection with the new world &mdash; rejoice with it and share in its fears.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Connection...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000177-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Connect worlds together, carving an endless path.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Trailblaze...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000169-->
:::'''Himeko:''' "Trailblaze" is our mission and the source of strength that powers the Express to travel across the galaxy.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_85-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_85-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Exploration...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000171-->
::::'''Himeko:''' Explore the unknown world to continue our journey ahead.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Understanding...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000173-->
::::'''Himeko:''' Understand the local culture and immerse ourselves within it.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Establishing...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000175-->
::::'''Himeko:''' Establish a connection with the new world &mdash; rejoice with it and share in its fears.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Connection...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000177-->
::::'''Himeko:''' Connect worlds together, carving an endless path.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} I have another question...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_12-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About companions...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000105-->
:::::'''Himeko:''' You want to understand more about the Nameless? Sure, I'll keep it short.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_15-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_15-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Himeko...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000107-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Me? Ahhh, I don't have an interesting past...
::::::'''Himeko:''' Long before I was born, the Astral Express crashed onto my world. I found it when I was still young. From then on, my life became closely bound to it.
::::::'''Himeko:''' It took me ages to repair the Express and board it to travel to the stars... It was the wish of the Express and my dream to set sail through the unknown sea of stars.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Welt...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000111-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Welt? He may appear to be a kind old man, but deep inside he's still a strapping youth with a hopeful heart. Don't tell him I said that though.
::::::'''Himeko:''' When we first met Welt, he and his friend were drifting through space. The Express saved the two of them.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Welt is still trying to find a way back home to a planet that I've never heard of. However, it seems he's more interested in going on adventures. It's been a while since I've heard him mention going home.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Dan Heng...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000115-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' It wouldn't be right of me to talk about Dan Heng without his permission, but it seems he has enemies after him. He boarded the Astral Express by coincidence, and stayed because he had nowhere else to go.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Now he is the biologist and overseer of the data bank on the Express. It's strange... With how much he likes to read, I'm surprised he doesn't like to talk with Madam Herta.
::::::'''Himeko:''' If you want to know more, ask him yourself.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About March 7th...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000119-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Despite her cheerful demeanor, March is very anxious inside.
::::::'''Himeko:''' When the Express found her, she was sealed in an enormous piece of Six-Phased Ice... It took Welt a lot of work to get her back to the Express. Not long after, the Six-Phased Ice melted and vanished before our eyes.
::::::'''Himeko:''' March couldn't remember anything when she woke up. The people on the Express have at least a place to call home, but that's not the case for her. She doesn't have anywhere to return to outside of the Express.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Lately, she's been getting more proactive, but I believe she's only trying to cover up her fear with a superficial happiness...
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000125-->
:::::'''Himeko:''' Ohh, you want to know more about the Express? I'm glad. After all, it's an important companion of ours.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_37-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_37-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the history of the Express...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000127-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' The Astral Express was a tool created by Akivili the Trailblaze, who used it to transport THEMSELF and the Nameless across the galaxy. It is rumored that there are other vehicles like it, but the Express has no such records.
::::::'''Himeko:''' When I found the Express, its memory had been severely damaged, with much of its valuable information lost. All I know is that the Express is an Aspect of Creation built by Akivili themself, and used to travel the cosmos.
::::::'''Himeko:''' As for how it was built and how it was damaged, I do not have an answer.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About where the Express is headed...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000131-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' The Express is traveling on a route that Trailblaze once embarked on. The names of some destinations have been lost, but the first and final stops were both at Pegana &mdash; Akivili's home world.
::::::'''Himeko:''' We speculate the Astral Express started its journey from Pegana, stopping at each destination along the way before returning there for its next journey. However, the appearance of the Stellarons has caused a delay at each stop.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Express' source of power...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000134-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' There is a legend in the galaxy: The heart of Akivili themself lies in the core of the Astral Express, providing it with the power to travel between worlds. But I found no evidence of that aboard the Express.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Besides, the Express existed before the Trailblaze fell. There's no way they could have had two hearts, right? However, it is likely that the Express possesses some sort of mechanism to transfer power from the Path of Trailblaze.
::::::'''Himeko:''' It wouldn't be possible with a normal Pathstrider.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Akivili...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000138-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' The fallen Aeon, deceased Trailblaze &mdash; THEIR passing is still a mystery, but of all the known Aeons, Akivili was the closest to mankind.
::::::'''Himeko:''' In the databank aboard the Express, it is recorded that THEY walked among the mortals &mdash; adventuring, fighting, and celebrating with THEM. Although THEY were an Aeon restrained by the "Primum Mobile," Akivili enjoyed a freedom similar to us mortals.
::::::'''Himeko:''' THEY were different from most... But THEIR passing came so suddenly that it was thought THEY were killed by another Aeon. I don't believe that to be the case.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the galaxy...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000143-->
:::::'''Himeko:''' The galaxy is endlessly vast. I wouldn't know where to begin, especially if you ask me that so suddenly...
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_599000101_57-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_599000101_57-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About its nature...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000145-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' I've been to many different worlds, yet I still know very little about the galaxy, simply because it's too vast. As for its nature, there are a few theories that I can share with you.
::::::'''Himeko:''' The most popular is probably the Cosmos Tree theory, proposed by Zandar, Emanator of Erudition and the first member of the Genius Society. He compared the galaxy to an enormous imaginary tree, with its leaves being individual universes.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Therefore, only Aeons, who draw their energy from the imaginary, and Emanators, who are blessed by Aeons, can travel through the spaces filled with imaginary energy. That's why planets where civilizations exist are so similar.
::::::'''Himeko:''' The theory has its flaws. Elias Salas, the 56th member of the Genius Society, invented ultraremote sensing, proving that the Imaginary element is unique. This shook the foundation of the "Cosmos Tree" theory.
::::::'''Himeko:''' There are other theories as well: The "Stretching" theory, the "Heat Torch" theory, and the "Parallel Imaging" theory... The Riddlers claim the galaxy is just a dream and IX's followers seem to like that claim.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Aeons...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000151-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Aeons are the most mysterious beings in the galaxy. All we know is that THEY ascended from the form of intelligent beings. As for the how and why, even the geniuses over at the Genius Society haven't the slightest clue.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Upon ascending to Aeon-hood, that being gains power over the Paths, free to choose the allocation of imaginary energy however THEY wish, while suffering the restrictions of the "Primum Mobile."
::::::'''Himeko:''' The Aeon of Destruction seeks only to destroy the universe, while the Aeon of Erudition wants to find the answer for all that exists. Meanwhile, the Aeon of Preservation continues to forge walls, and the Aeon of Enigmata devotes themself to obscuring all that is known...
::::::'''Himeko:''' A cloud of mystery shrouds the Aeons. I heard Madam Herta recruited a team to try and solve the mysteries about THEM.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the factions...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000156-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' Compared to the Aeons, the factions are much easier to understand. Mortals with the same objective gather together to practice their understanding of Aeons and the Paths.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Many Aeons are unreachable, but the factions are close to us. After Akivili trailblazed across the galaxy, people became aware of the existence of other worlds. Gradually, more people started trying to use the power of the Aeons to travel between worlds.
::::::'''Himeko:''' The Interastral Peace Corporation is a good example: They worship Qlipoth, the Aeon of Preservation, but somehow became the largest economic entity in the galaxy.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Another example is the Genius Society: There is no shortage of eccentrics like Madam Herta who dedicate themselves to scientific research under the protection of Erudition.
::::::'''Himeko:''' These factions possess the same power as us to voyage between worlds. It would be hard to travel through the galaxy without them.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Paths...
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000162-->
::::::'''Himeko:''' The birth of an Aeon gives rise to a Path. The nature of the Paths remains a mystery, leaving us to draw an analogy in a way that mortals can understand: It's a philosophical concept of sorts.
::::::'''Himeko:''' A person is considered to be on a Path when their will overlaps with that Path. If the person has a strong enough will, they can draw power from that Path. Those who can do so are called Pathstriders.
::::::'''Himeko:''' Pathstriders possess extraordinary power, but are still insignificant compared to the Aeons, like a drop of water in a vast ocean. Sometimes, Aeons will bestow a mortal with their power, making them an "Emanator" of that Aeon.
::::::'''Himeko:''' I should mention that once a Path is open, it cannot be closed, even with the fall of its Aeon. That is how we are still able to travel across the stars, despite Akivili's passing.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_599000101-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_599000514)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000514-->
::'''Himeko:''' It was the Express.
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_599000516)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000516-->
::'''Himeko:''' It was the Express.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_599000519-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000519-->
::'''Himeko:''' I saw a train half-buried in a huge crater. When it happened, I said to myself that this cannot possibly be a thing of this world. It's too dangerous to get close to it...
::'''Himeko:''' But, out of basic human curiosity, I dared to take a closer look. I keep thinking to myself, just one look, just one look.
::'''Himeko:''' So, I figured out a way to go inside the Express. The internal structure was incredible, especially its engine...
::'''Himeko:''' By the time I came to my senses, I had already passionately finished fixing the Express and was already embarking on a journey aboard it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What kind of wild plot is this?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is mind-control, right?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000525-->
:::'''Himeko:''' Many developments in life are inherently unexpected or uncontrollable, just like your experience with the Express.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_599000518)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000518-->
::'''Himeko:''' I thought so.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_599000519-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000519-->
::'''Himeko:''' I saw a train half-buried in a huge crater. When it happened, I said to myself that this cannot possibly be a thing of this world. It's too dangerous to get close to it...
::'''Himeko:''' But, out of basic human curiosity, I dared to take a closer look. I keep thinking to myself, just one look, just one look.
::'''Himeko:''' So, I figured out a way to go inside the Express. The internal structure was incredible, especially its engine...
::'''Himeko:''' By the time I came to my senses, I had already passionately finished fixing the Express and was already embarking on a journey aboard it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What kind of wild plot is this?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This is mind-control, right?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_599000525-->
:::'''Himeko:''' Many developments in life are inherently unexpected or uncontrollable, just like your experience with the Express.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Himeko
|zhs  = 姬子
|zht  = 姬子
|ja   = 姫子
|ko   = 히메코
|es   = Himeko
|fr   = Himeko
|ru   = Химеко
|th   = Himeko
|vi   = Himeko
|de   = Himeko
|id   = Himeko
|pt   = Himeko
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}