<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Pom-Pom#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Pom-Pom.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Astral Express
|location        = Parlor Car
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Pom-Pom''' is an NPC on [[Astral Express]], located in [[Parlor Car]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Parlor Car|npc_227_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetUpPamAIDialogue"
}</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE undefined: undefined-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Star}} How's my Trailblaze Level?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 100000199: Config/Level/Mission/1000001/Talk/Act100000199.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowTalkUI"
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100009904-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100009904-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowUI",
	"Name": "Ui.LevelReward.LevelRewardPage",
	"WaitForExit": true,
	"OnUIExitImmediately": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	]
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'm heading out.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404032502-->)
:{{DIcon|?}} Pom-Pom, check out this dream bubble.
::Pom-Pom jumps the moment they see the dream bubble in your hands. You've never seen their chubby feet making it that far from the ground before.
::'''Pom-Pom:''' Wh&mdash;Where did you get that thing!?
::'''Pom-Pom:''' L&mdash;Let me take a closer look!
::'''Pom-Pom:''' ...
::'''Pom-Pom:''' Agh...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Please don't cry!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503037369-->
::Something is glistening in Pom-Pom's eyes. Are they tears? Before you can look closer, they cover their eyes with their large ears, trying to hide their sorrow from you.
::Pom-Pom manages to pull themselves together several seconds later.
::'''Pom-Pom:''' (Trailblazer)... many things that have happened on this train aren't within your knowledge. I'll tell you about them when the time is right!
::'''Pom-Pom:''' Express Special... My favorite Express Special... When will that guy give it back to me?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404032502-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Pom-Pom
|zhs  = 帕姆
|zht  = 帕姆
|ja   = パム
|ko   = 폼폼
|es   = Pom-Pom
|fr   = Pom-Pom
|ru   = Пом-Пом
|th   = Pom-Pom
|vi   = Pom-Pom
|de   = Pom-Pom
|id   = Pom-Pom
|pt   = Pom-Pom
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}