<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Welt Yang#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Welt Yang.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Astral Express
|location        = Parlor Car
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Welt Yang''' is an NPC on [[Astral Express]], located in [[Parlor Car]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Parlor Car|npc_3_400003}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 100050108,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 100050108,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceD 100050108: undefined-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 100050108-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 100050407,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 100050407,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 100050407: Config/Level/Mission/1000502/Act/Act100050407.json-->
:{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 101.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Oh, it's you. How do you feel?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_1000503_17-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_1000503_17-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Full of energy.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050303-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 102.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Great. Looks like your stamina is really quite special.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've got a killer headache.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050306-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 103.ogg}} '''Welt:''' ...I'll check you out in a minute.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Very tasteful.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050309-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 105.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Tasteful... Oh, you mean the train? I was asking how you felt physically.
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 106.ogg}} '''Welt:''' You are right, though. Looking at the interior decoration, you can tell that trailblazers have quite good taste.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100050311-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050311-->
:{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 107.ogg}} '''Welt:''' In any case, I have to thank you for saving March.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_1000503_29-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_1000503_29-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You guys saved me, too.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050313-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 108.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Heh, all I did was calm that thing inside you down temporarily...
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 109.ogg}} '''Welt:''' ...I don't want to frighten you, but the truth is you won't ever be in the clear while it is still inside your body.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I couldn't just stand by and watch.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050316-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 110.ogg}} '''Welt:''' It's good that you think so. Someone with that mindset and the actions to back it up &mdash; that is the true meaning of the word "hero."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't think too much about it...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050317-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 111.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Helping others without a second thought &mdash; that is the most important quality of a hero.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100050318-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050318-->
:{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 112.ogg}} '''Welt:''' However, as long as the Stellaron is still in your body, you should be careful what you do. I don't know if Himeko and I can suppress it again.
:{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 113.ogg}} '''Welt:''' But I won't bore you any longer. So much happened at the space station, you must be tired.
:{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 114.ogg}} '''Welt:''' There should be some time until the next warp jump, so feel free to walk around and familiarize yourself with the environment.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 100050407_talk-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 100050408,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 100050408,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 100050408: Config/Level/Mission/1000502/Act/Act100050408.json-->
:{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 113.ogg}} '''Welt:''' But I won't bore you any longer. So much happened at the space station, you must be tired.
:{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 114.ogg}} '''Welt:''' There should be some time until the next warp jump, so feel free to walk around and familiarize yourself with the environment.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 100050407
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 100050408
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 100050407-->)
:{{DIcon}} I'm (Trailblazer).
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 100050407: Config/Level/Mission/1000502/Act/Act100050407.json-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 101.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Oh, it's you. How do you feel?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_1000503_17-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_1000503_17-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Full of energy.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050303-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 102.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Great. Looks like your stamina is really quite special.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've got a killer headache.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050306-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 103.ogg}} '''Welt:''' ...I'll check you out in a minute.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Very tasteful.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050309-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 105.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Tasteful... Oh, you mean the train? I was asking how you felt physically.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 106.ogg}} '''Welt:''' You are right, though. Looking at the interior decoration, you can tell that trailblazers have quite good taste.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100050311-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050311-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 107.ogg}} '''Welt:''' In any case, I have to thank you for saving March.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_1000503_29-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_1000503_29-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You guys saved me, too.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050313-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 108.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Heh, all I did was calm that thing inside you down temporarily...
:::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 109.ogg}} '''Welt:''' ...I don't want to frighten you, but the truth is you won't ever be in the clear while it is still inside your body.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I couldn't just stand by and watch.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050316-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 110.ogg}} '''Welt:''' It's good that you think so. Someone with that mindset and the actions to back it up &mdash; that is the true meaning of the word "hero."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't think too much about it...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050317-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 111.ogg}} '''Welt:''' Helping others without a second thought &mdash; that is the most important quality of a hero.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100050318-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050318-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 112.ogg}} '''Welt:''' However, as long as the Stellaron is still in your body, you should be careful what you do. I don't know if Himeko and I can suppress it again.
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 113.ogg}} '''Welt:''' But I won't bore you any longer. So much happened at the space station, you must be tired.
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 114.ogg}} '''Welt:''' There should be some time until the next warp jump, so feel free to walk around and familiarize yourself with the environment.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: 100050407_talk-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 100050408--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 100050407-->)
:{{DIcon}} I'm (Trailblazer).
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 100050408: Config/Level/Mission/1000502/Act/Act100050408.json-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 113.ogg}} '''Welt:''' But I won't bore you any longer. So much happened at the space station, you must be tired.
::{{A|VO chapter0 7 welt 114.ogg}} '''Welt:''' There should be some time until the next warp jump, so feel free to walk around and familiarize yourself with the environment.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Welt Yang
|zhs  = 瓦尔特•杨
|zht  = 瓦爾特•楊
|ja   = ヴェルト・ヨウ
|ko   = 웰트•양
|es   = Welt Yang
|fr   = Welt&nbsp;Yang
|ru   = Вельт Янг
|th   = Welt Yang
|vi   = Welt Yang
|de   = Welt Yang
|id   = Welt Yang
|pt   = Welt Yang
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}