<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Lingsha#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Lingsha.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Alchemy Commission
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Lingsha''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Alchemy Commission]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Alchemy Commission|npc_191_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502220001: Config/Level/Mission/5022200/Act/Act502220001.json-->
:'''Lingsha:''' (Trailblazer), I'm so happy to see you~ Are you here at the Alchemy Commission today for me? What can I do for you?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I wanted to chat with you.
::'''Lingsha:''' Certainly. I don't have to consider or speculate unnecessarily when I'm talking with you. It's relaxing, like a head massage~
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502220002_15-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502220002_15-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Has work been going well lately?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220203-->
:::'''Lingsha:''' Ah... I don't know if I'd say that. Though the Alchemy Commission is small, there are complicated relations running between various different forces. It's like a miniature feudal state. It can be quite challenging to deal with.
:::'''Lingsha:''' Originally, I planned to make quick and decisive action and clear out these clique-forming pests as soon as possible. However, they have occupied key positions and I cannot currently find suitable personnel to take their places, so there is no way for me to simply get rid of them.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I love these kinds of stories of power struggles.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220206-->
::::'''Lingsha:''' If I may say so, I can't imagine that you enjoy this kind of "tepid stalemate." I imagine you're more excited by "the rise against the tyrant," "the fall of the mighty," or the "dramatic conflict?"
::::'''Lingsha:''' Is that correct? If it is, I am the same.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502220211-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220211-->
::::'''Lingsha:''' But, when it comes to a wielding power, these Alchemy Commission knaves have no sway when it comes to the public eye. Though I may not be able to directly remove them, weakening their influence is a piece of cake.
::::'''Lingsha:''' Though they appear united in solidarity, they all have their own motives and desires. All I need to do is rouse mistrust between them and I can reduce them to nothing, breaking their group into myriads of tiny units.
::::'''Lingsha:''' When that time comes, they simply won't be strong enough to make any waves~
::::'''Lingsha:''' Of course, this is just stalling to gain time. Once I've managed to find suitable candidates to replace them, it will be time for their reckoning~ Hehe~
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't like these stories of deceit and subterfuge.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220209-->
::::'''Lingsha:''' Ah, if I had my way, there would be far less power struggles in this world. They are exhausting.
::::'''Lingsha:''' If that is not possible, I shall just have to face the exhaustion. As long as I'm satisfied with the result.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502220211-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220211-->
::::'''Lingsha:''' But, when it comes to a wielding power, these Alchemy Commission knaves have no sway when it comes to the public eye. Though I may not be able to directly remove them, weakening their influence is a piece of cake.
::::'''Lingsha:''' Though they appear united in solidarity, they all have their own motives and desires. All I need to do is rouse mistrust between them and I can reduce them to nothing, breaking their group into myriads of tiny units.
::::'''Lingsha:''' When that time comes, they simply won't be strong enough to make any waves~
::::'''Lingsha:''' Of course, this is just stalling to gain time. Once I've managed to find suitable candidates to replace them, it will be time for their reckoning~ Hehe~
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you have any self-care recommendations?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220216-->
:::'''Lingsha:''' Umm... Ensure a stable balance of work and rest, make sure to eat properly and train regularly? This is really all the advice I can offer you. In other words, if you are in good health, this is the most logical suggestion.
:::'''Lingsha:''' Though it pains me to say it, though I am proficient in medicine, I still have a way to go to catch up with the elite healers.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you being modest, Master Lingsha?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220219-->
::::'''Lingsha:''' Ah, modesty will not decrease my workload. Fear not, I am not putting myself down.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502220222-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220222-->
::::'''Lingsha:''' With miracle healers on the Xianzhou Luofu like the great Dragon Lady, my healing skills by comparison fall into the realm of things that the average person could come to comprehend. However, it's precisely for this reason that the queues at the Dragon Lady's clinic are ridiculous.
::::'''Lingsha:''' Healers differ greatly in terms of ability, experience, natural talent and area of expertise. Each healer has their own specialties, so it is necessary for someone to coordinate and organize healers based on their strengths and areas of practice...
::::'''Lingsha:''' That was why the Alliance made me the Luofu's Cauldron Master. Some have a duty to treat the illnesses of people, and some have a duty to cure the illnesses within the Alchemy Commission. So, do you see? The area of my healing expertise is slightly different.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Cauldron Master does not need any master healer.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220221-->
::::'''Lingsha:''' Hehe, I see you have some familiarity with the position, (Trailblazer). You're quite right.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502220222-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220222-->
::::'''Lingsha:''' With miracle healers on the Xianzhou Luofu like the great Dragon Lady, my healing skills by comparison fall into the realm of things that the average person could come to comprehend. However, it's precisely for this reason that the queues at the Dragon Lady's clinic are ridiculous.
::::'''Lingsha:''' Healers differ greatly in terms of ability, experience, natural talent and area of expertise. Each healer has their own specialties, so it is necessary for someone to coordinate and organize healers based on their strengths and areas of practice...
::::'''Lingsha:''' That was why the Alliance made me the Luofu's Cauldron Master. Some have a duty to treat the illnesses of people, and some have a duty to cure the illnesses within the Alchemy Commission. So, do you see? The area of my healing expertise is slightly different.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Master Lingsha, you smell lovely.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220226-->
:::'''Lingsha:''' ...You mean the smell of the incense?
:::'''Lingsha:''' I have always had a sense of smell that far surpasses others'. In addition to my experience of using, smelling, and learning about fragrances during my time with the Zhuming's Ardens Regia, I would say I know my stuff. Do you need some suggestions?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How do you tell if an incense is good or bad?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220229-->
::::'''Lingsha:''' When it comes to incense, the first thing to do is open the box and take a whiff. If the smell comes rushing forth, it's probably had added fragrance and is a cheap product. High quality wooden incenses are subtle, with a natural and elegant aroma.
::::'''Lingsha:''' Another way to tell is to touch it. If there are too many wooden fibers, it can end up feeling rough. If it's too hard, that means that too much adhesive was added.
::::'''Lingsha:''' The most direct method to test it would just be to roast it, but not allow it to burn. Take a good smell when it is not properly lit, and you can get a clearer judgment of the scent's quality without the smoke interfering.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How do you choose a suitable incense?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220233-->
::::'''Lingsha:''' I would recommend that you select according to your own preferences... If you're not too certain, you can think about the different situations where you might use it?
::::'''Lingsha:''' If you're in meditation or deep reflection, you can try a stronger and more potent fragrance. For example, I like incense like this when I'm reviewing various reports and materials.
::::'''Lingsha:''' If you're enjoying tea, reading, playing an instrument, or other similar activities, you might want something with a lighter, sweeter fragrance. I hear that the Express Navigator Himeko enjoys reading with a cup of coffee. I imagine this kind of incense would be more suitable for her.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502220236-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220236-->
:::'''Lingsha:''' What do you think, some pretty good suggestions, right?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502220238-->
:::'''Lingsha:''' Sure, I'll talk to you again next time~ If you get injured or sick during your time on the Luofu, come and find me any time~
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time.
::'''Lingsha:''' Sure, I'll talk to you again next time~ If you get injured or sick during your time on the Luofu, come and find me any time~
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Lingsha
|zhs  = 灵砂
|zht  = 靈砂
|ja   = 霊砂
|ko   = 영사
|es   = Lingsha
|fr   = Lingsha
|ru   = Линша
|th   = Lingsha
|vi   = Lingsha
|de   = Lingsha
|id   = Lingsha
|pt   = Lingsha
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}