<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Yongren#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Xianzhou Medicine Trader
|image           = NPC Yongren.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Alchemy Commission
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Yongren''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Alchemy Commission]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Alchemy Commission|npc_73_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502044101: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G43/Act/Act502044101.json-->
::'''Yongren:''' Welcome, welcome. We don't have any secret home recipes here. Just your everyday medicines and easy-to-use remedies.
::'''Yongren:''' If you need me, just holler at me any time. Or just take a look yourself if you like. Whatever you prefer.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How do you get away with such a nonchalant attitude toward business?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502044105-->
:::'''Yongren:''' In our line of work, a patient who needs medicine will have already planned out what they need to buy. People find a hard sell annoying, so some peace and quiet is probably better.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That attitude is completely unacceptable in this day and age.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502044107-->
:::'''Yongren:''' It's just the way I am. Please don't take any offense. It's nothing personal.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502044108-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502044108-->
::'''Yongren:''' I'm a person who likes peace and quiet. Not to mention that I run a pharmacy. That's right, a pharmacy. So peace and quiet is best. If things are too bustling around here, it's not necessarily a good thing... Long-life species earn their salaries the long way, y'know.
::'''Yongren:''' Alright. If it's okay with you, then I'll just take a seat and have a sip of tea...
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502044201: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G43/Act/Act502044201.json-->
::'''Yongren:''' Welcome, welcome. We don't have any secret home recipes here. Just your everyday medicines and easy-to-use remedies.
::'''Yongren:''' If you need&mdash; Oh, it's you. What's up?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404024902-->)
:{{DIcon|?}} I think these are yours...
:;(First interaction)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404024902: Config/Level/Mission/4040249/Act/Act404024902.json-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_414249015-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_414249015-->
:::'''Yongren:''' Mine? What do you mean?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: SubmitItem_4040249-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: SubmitItem_4040249-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 404024902,
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_414249016"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_414249015"
			}
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {}
}</pre>
:;(Subsequent interactions)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404024950: Config/Level/Mission/4040249/Act/Act404024950.json-->
:::'''Yongren:''' ...What we do next might be quite annoying. I'm bringing you along just to ensure your safety and as well as mine.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's go.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_414249029-->
::::'''Yongren:''' Let's go!
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::----
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404024902-->
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} I need to think about it...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_414249028-->
::::'''Yongren:''' I see. I'll wait. Just for a short while though. Hurry. Decide whether you want to come with me.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END_NOTFINISH-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END_NOTFINISH-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Shop}} Let me see what you have.
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to ask...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502044102: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G43/Act/Act502044102.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502044102_10-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502044102_10-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you always seem to be peering outside?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502044112-->
:::'''Yongren:''' This is my shop, so it's normal for me to keep both eyes peeled for any troubles that might arise.
:::'''Yongren:''' As a law-abiding small businessman, any suspicious character I come across is going to get reported to the Seat of Divine Foresight immediately.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Judging by your tone, you sound pretty familiar with the Seat of Divine Foresight?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502044115-->
::::'''Yongren:''' *Ahem* I've reported a few suspicious Outworlders to the Cloud Knights before, that's all. Don't overthink it.
::::'''Yongren:''' Here on the Luofu, we still have to cooperate fully with the Cloud Knights to keep the peace around here. I'm self-aware enough to get that.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened outside?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502044118-->
::::'''Yongren:''' There're some Vidyadhara yelling about something over there. I don't really know what.
::::'''Yongren:''' Fill me in if you hear any rumors out there. In any case, I'm just going to be stuck here.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you recommend some good essential medicines for me?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502044121-->
:::'''Yongren:''' You look full of life and vigor. There's nothing wrong with you, so don't worry about it.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't seem to care much about making sales at all...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't even want to close this easy deal right in front of you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502044124-->
:::'''Yongren:''' *Sigh*... Before, I had no choice but to take on the family business.
:::'''Yongren:''' But now... I'm just a normal medicine trader, but I'd still like to be a good person.
:::'''Yongren:''' Business is important, I know that. But every medicine has its side effects and shouldn't just be flogged off indiscriminately. I can't just prescribe potentially harmful drugs to anyone.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Where have I seen you before?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502044128-->
:::'''Yongren:''' ...
:::'''Yongren:''' No way. You must be mistaken!
:::'''Yongren:''' Hang on, where do you think you saw me? That's impossible. I've definitely been here in my pharmacy the whole time...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I was just making conversation. Why so serious?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502044132-->
::::'''Yongren:''' You can't just randomly take any medicine, just like you can't randomly talk nonsense, okay? Have a little integrity, please.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've been around the block. Ever heard of my friend, Jing Yuan...?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502044134-->
::::'''Yongren:''' Oh, I'm a big fan of General Jing Yuan, and everyone in the Cloud Knights actually. I see they're always on-duty, working through the night. That's not easy...
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'd better leave you to it.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502044136-->
:::'''Yongren:''' Once, this diviner read my fortune and told me I'd be rollin' in dough and living large. But I ain't buying it. I mean, I'm just a wandering healer trying to make ends meet.
:::'''Yongren:''' Pursuing greed in medicine will eventually come back to bite you, sooner or later... I just want to live out an ordinary life... *Sigh*...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::----
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404024902-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::----
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404024902-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502044101-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4040249--> has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why are you still working undercover here?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502044301: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502044301.json-->
::'''Yongren:''' Shh! Keep your voice down.
::'''Yongren:''' According to the higher-ups, there will be a lot of trivial matters to be handled even though the Ambrosial Arbor has stopped growing and the crisis is over.
::'''Yongren:''' I have to stay here and keep the store open... and watch out for signs of the crisis making a comeback...
::'''Yongren:''' *Sigh* They want me to stay here for a couple more years because I've got undercover experience. I've seen this coming. When will I be able to return to the Cloud Knights...
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502044301-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--Hidden Mission ID 4040249--> has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'd better leave you to it.
::'''Yongren:''' Once, this diviner read my fortune and told me I'd be rollin' in dough and living large. But I ain't buying it. I mean, I'm just a wandering healer trying to make ends meet.
::'''Yongren:''' Pursuing greed in medicine will eventually come back to bite you, sooner or later... I just want to live out an ordinary life... *Sigh*...
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_414249016)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_414249016-->
::'''Yongren:''' ...
::'''Yongren:''' I didn't expect you to have those documents. Well, this is highly confidential Cloud Knight information, and now I need you to come with me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you going to arrest me?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_414249019-->
:::'''Yongren:''' Arrest? No, not at all. You've done an excellent job... but this must be kept a secret...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_414249024-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_414249024-->
:::'''Yongren:''' Let's go!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::----
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404024902-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Highly confidential? But I don't know anything!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_414249021-->
:::'''Yongren:''' It doesn't matter if you know the details or not. This document... Well, I'm only bringing you along so that my colleague can guarantee your safety...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_414249024-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_414249024-->
:::'''Yongren:''' Let's go!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::----
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404024902-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Hold on. I'm already smelling trouble...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_414249023-->
:::'''Yongren:''' I see. I'll wait. Just for a short while though. Hurry. Decide whether you want to come with me.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END_NOTFINISH-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END_NOTFINISH-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Yongren
|zhs  = 永仁
|zht  = 永仁
|ja   = 永仁
|ko   = 영인
|es   = Yongren
|fr   = Yongren
|ru   = Юнжэнь
|th   = Yongren
|vi   = Yongren
|de   = Yongren
|id   = Yongren
|pt   = Yongren
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}