<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Messages/Kate (On Duty)#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Messages Infobox
|id        = 201
|image     = NPC Kate (On Duty) Icon.png
|type      = NPC
|sender    = Kate (On Duty)
|signature = 
|faction   = Penacony
}}

==Mission-Specific==
===!!!===
{{Messages
|start_condition = 
|text =
:'''Kate (On Duty):''' !!!
:'''Kate (On Duty):''' That dream bubble had nothing left but laughter
:'''Kate (On Duty):''' What did you do?
:{Choice} Piece of cake
::'''(Trailblazer):''' Just some combat challenges. With my skills, I cleared them easily
::'''Kate (On Duty):''' I knew it. Meeting you must be karma for that mysterious figure
:{Choice} I kept a stern face the whole time
::'''(Trailblazer):''' That "Try-Not-to-Laugh Challenge" wasn't even remotely funny. I kept a stern face the whole time
::'''Kate (On Duty):''' I told you, this challenge wasn't made to make you laugh
:'''Kate (On Duty):''' Thanks to your help, we carried out a full investigation. Based on what we've found so far...
:'''Kate (On Duty):''' This is most likely a "trap dream bubble" created by the Masked Fools for "people with a peculiar sense of humor"
:'''Kate (On Duty):''' They say some folks in the cosmos don't react to jokes or comedy at all. No smiles. No laughter. Not even a ripple of emotion
:'''Kate (On Duty):''' And for people like that, our super serious battles? They're hilarious
:'''Kate (On Duty):''' Humor really is a strange thing, huh?
:'''Kate (On Duty):''' The Masked Fools wouldn't miss a chance to crack up these stone-faced types. That's how this dream bubble came to be
:'''Kate (On Duty):''' Thanks for helping me investigate this "Try-Not-to-Laugh Challenge" case, I've transferred the money to your account
:'''Kate (On Duty):''' Please don't go saying things like "I don't need this small amount of money" in your heart, okay? Have a wonderful life!
}}
----

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Messages Navbox}}