<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Scatterbrained Garmentmaker#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Scatterbrained Garmentmaker.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Dragonbone City" Styxia
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Dragonbone City" Styxia]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Dragonbone City" Styxia|npc_137_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If [[Fate's Ensemble]] is active)
:;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareQuestGetReward","QuestID":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":2200612}}}-->}} and {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareItemNum","ItemPair":[{"ItemID":150069,"ItemNum":1}]}-->}})
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504070002: Config/Level/Mission/5040700/Act/Act504070002.json-->
::;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareQuestGetReward","QuestID":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":2200612}}}-->}} and {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareItemNum","ItemPair":[{"ItemID":150069,"ItemNum":1}]}-->}})
::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Hello, honored guest... Remind me, what am I supposed to do next?
::;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareQuestGetReward","QuestID":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":2200612}}}-->}} and {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareItemNum","ItemPair":[{"ItemID":150069,"ItemNum":1}]}-->}})
::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Hello, honored guest... Huh? There are no more nymphs here.
::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Hmm... There should be more nymphs elsewhere. Please go help my fellow garmentmakers.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareQuestGetReward","QuestID":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":2200612}}}-->}} and {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareItemNum","ItemPair":[{"ItemID":150069,"ItemNum":1}]}-->}})
::;(First interaction)
::::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504070001: Config/Level/Mission/5040700/Act/Act504070001.json-->
::::A garmentmaker stands here abruptly, exuding a sense of confusion.
::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' ...
::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Where... am I?
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why is the garmentmaker still chasing me!?
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did Cipher send you here too?
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's time to speak plainly...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504070007-->
::::The garmentmaker remains silent, just standing there, perhaps pretending not to hear, or equally confused by the situation.
::::After a while, it speaks...
::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Sorry, honored guest, I'm not sure why I'm here either... Perhaps it's part of Lady Aglaea's plan?
::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Never mind. Since I'm here, let's continue our duties. I think it's something about catching bugs...
::;(Subsequent interactions)
::::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504070002: Config/Level/Mission/5040700/Act/Act504070002.json-->
:::;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareQuestGetReward","QuestID":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":2200612}}}-->}} and {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareItemNum","ItemPair":[{"ItemID":150069,"ItemNum":1}]}-->}})
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Hello, honored guest... Remind me, what am I supposed to do next?
:::;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareQuestGetReward","QuestID":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":2200612}}}-->}} and {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareItemNum","ItemPair":[{"ItemID":150069,"ItemNum":1}]}-->}})
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Hello, honored guest... Huh? There are no more nymphs here.
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Hmm... There should be more nymphs elsewhere. Please go help my fellow garmentmakers.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Open NPC Menu-->
::;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareQuestGetReward","QuestID":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":2200612}},"Inverse":true}-->}} and {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareQuestProgress","QuestID":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":2200612}},"Progress":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":10}}}-->}})
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I've found all the nymphs here.
:::;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareItemNum","ItemPair":[{"ItemID":150069,"ItemNum":1}],"Inverse":true}-->}})
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Hmm... Right, now it's my turn to act. Let me see...
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' "Push open the door of the past," yadda yadda...
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' No. I can't do it. Riddles give me a headache. Since you've already obtained the golden weave, I'll just continue being the confused garmentmaker.
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' By the way, there's a strange nymph in this ancient city. Its call is different from the other fyreflies... It seems to know some inside information. You might want to go ask it.
:::;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareItemNum","ItemPair":[{"ItemID":150069,"ItemNum":1}],"Inverse":true}-->}})
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Blah blah... It seems you've already obtained the stone slate? Good, because riddles give me a headache.
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' This is your reward, honored guest. I'll just keep being the confused garmentmaker.
:::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.QuestGetReward",
	"QuestIDList": [
		{
			"IsDynamic": false,
			"FixedValue": {
				"Value": 2200612
			}
		}
	]
}</pre>
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareItemNum","ItemPair":[{"ItemID":150069,"ItemNum":1}]}-->}}, {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareQuestGetReward","QuestID":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":2200612}},"Inverse":true}-->}}, and {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareQuestProgress","QuestID":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":2200612}},"Progress":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":10}}}-->}})
:{{DIcon}} Can you give me more hints?
::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' You've collected enough nymphs, and I helped unseal a prophecy... Well, that's probably not what you wanted to hear.
::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' But I'm really not good at solving riddles... just look at my name. All the answers are hidden in the golden weave. Go find them~
::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' By the way, there's a strange nymph in this ancient city. Its call is different from the other fyreflies... It seems to know some inside information. You might want to go ask it.
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCompareQuestProgress","QuestID":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":2200612}},"Progress":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":10}}}-->}})
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Where are the remaining nymphs?
:::;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCheckColonyTrace","ColonyID":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":19}},"Inverse":true}-->}})
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Hmm... I forgot. Maybe a {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Memory Crystal Shard}} will help me remember...
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Provide Memory Crystal Shards.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504070003_36-->
:::::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeOrigamiItem",
	"ColonyID": {
		"IsDynamic": false,
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 19
		}
	},
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": 18096028862919064994
	},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayFullScreenTransfer",
			"TextInfo": {
				"NotAuto": true,
				"TextList": [
					{
						"TalkSentenceID": 504070204
					}
				]
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayOrigamiTraceTalk",
			"ColonyID": {
				"IsDynamic": false,
				"FixedValue": {
					"Value": 19
				}
			},
			"TalkList": [
				{
					"GroupID": {
						"IsDynamic": false,
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 127
						}
					},
					"TalkInfo": {
						"SimpleTalkList": [
							{
								"TalkSentenceID": 504070205
							}
						]
					}
				},
				{
					"GroupID": {
						"IsDynamic": false,
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 128
						}
					},
					"TalkInfo": {
						"SimpleTalkList": [
							{
								"TalkSentenceID": 504070206
							}
						]
					}
				},
				{
					"GroupID": {
						"IsDynamic": false,
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 129
						}
					},
					"TalkInfo": {
						"SimpleTalkList": [
							{
								"TalkSentenceID": 504070207
							}
						]
					}
				},
				{
					"GroupID": {
						"IsDynamic": false,
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 130
						}
					},
					"TalkInfo": {
						"SimpleTalkList": [
							{
								"TalkSentenceID": 504070208
							}
						]
					}
				},
				{
					"GroupID": {
						"IsDynamic": false,
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 131
						}
					},
					"TalkInfo": {
						"SimpleTalkList": [
							{
								"TalkSentenceID": 504070209
							}
						]
					}
				},
				{
					"GroupID": {
						"IsDynamic": false,
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 132
						}
					},
					"TalkInfo": {
						"SimpleTalkList": [
							{
								"TalkSentenceID": 504070210
							}
						]
					}
				},
				{
					"GroupID": {
						"IsDynamic": false,
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 133
						}
					},
					"TalkInfo": {
						"SimpleTalkList": [
							{
								"TalkSentenceID": 504070211
							}
						]
					}
				},
				{
					"GroupID": {
						"IsDynamic": false,
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 134
						}
					},
					"TalkInfo": {
						"SimpleTalkList": [
							{
								"TalkSentenceID": 504070212
							}
						]
					}
				},
				{
					"GroupID": {
						"IsDynamic": false,
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 135
						}
					},
					"TalkInfo": {
						"SimpleTalkList": [
							{
								"TalkSentenceID": 504070213
							}
						]
					}
				},
				{
					"GroupID": {
						"IsDynamic": false,
						"FixedValue": {
							"Value": 136
						}
					},
					"TalkInfo": {
						"SimpleTalkList": [
							{
								"TalkSentenceID": 504070214
							}
						]
					}
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTraceOrigamiFlag"
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "TalkSentence_504070216"
			}
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {}
}</pre>
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nope~
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504070216-->
::::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' ...Then I'll just keep forgetting.
::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::;(If {{cx}}{{subst:void|<!--{"$type":"RPG.GameCore.ByCheckColonyTrace","ColonyID":{"IsDynamic":false,"FixedValue":{"Value":19}},"Inverse":true}-->}})
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Have you forgotten, honored guest? I've already revealed the location of a nymph... Come back after you've found it.
::::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTraceOrigamiFlag"
}</pre>
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon}} I have some questions about the nymphs.
::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' I'll do my best to answer... if I can still remember the answers.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504070004_62-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504070004_62-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why are there butterflies here?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504070304-->
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' You must be referring to the Eulogistic Butterflies? They are not believers of Romance but messengers of Thanatos, guiding souls to the afterlife.
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Eulogistic Butterflies exist in this world by a thread of obsession, without souls or blessings. You need not pay them any mind.
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' To distinguish between Eulogistic Butterflies and Creation Nymphs, here's a tip &mdash; all nymphs have antennae, while those without are Eulogistic Butterflies.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are those fireflies also nymphs?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504070308-->
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Hmm... You might find it strange, but the answer is "yes."
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Nymphs take on many forms. The appearance they assume depends on the qualities of the blessed soul.
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Strong and rational souls become beetles, moving forward steadily. Romantic and emotional souls become butterflies, dancing gracefully...
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' And those with lofty ambitions or open minds are shaped into fireflies, using their light to illuminate the darkness.
:::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' As for why they appear here... Lady Aglaea once gave an explanation, but I've forgotten it...
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll get back to work.
::::'''Scatterbrained Garmentmaker:''' Goodbye... Don't forget to come back.
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TutorialTaskUnlock",
	"TriggerParam": {
		"Value": "6127"
	}
}</pre>
;(If [[Fate's Ensemble]] is active)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 401580100: Config/Level/Mission/4015801/Act/Act401580100.json-->
:;(If [[Fate's Ensemble]] is active)
:::'''Garmentmaker:''' Thank you so much, esteemed guest... I notice that you have already obtained the target mentioned in the prophecy.
:::'''Garmentmaker:''' There must be other blessed nymphs in other areas. Esteemed guest, try taking a look around other Garmentmakers.
:;(If [[Fate's Ensemble]] is active)
:::This dummy is covered in dark patterns. Perhaps it will shine with light at some moment.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = "Garmentmaker"
|zhs  = 「衣匠」
|zht  = 「衣匠」
|ja   = 「ラフトラ」
|ko   = 「의상공」
|es   = Sastre
|fr   = Costumière
|ru   = Швея
|th   = "หุ่นตัดชุด"
|vi   = Thợ May
|de   = Kleidermacherin
|id   = "Garmentmaker"
|pt   = "Confeccionadora"
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}