<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Asta#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Asta.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Master Control Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Asta''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Master Control Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Master Control Zone|npc_4_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200020113,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200020113,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceC 200020113: Story/Mission/2000201/Story200020113.json-->
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 arlan 101.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' You can't waste money like this...
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 asta 108.ogg}} '''Asta:''' This isn't wasting money! The IPC's budget is so stringent, and the process takes so long! By the time my application would've gone through too much time would've been wasted!
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 asta 109.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Do you know how much hardware was destroyed when the Legion attacked? And how many cables are currently out of order on the station?
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' How is it my fault when I'm spending my own money to solve everyone else's problems? Give my encryption key back!
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 arlan 102.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' I won't!
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' You &mdash; who gave you the right to tell me what to do with my money?
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 arlan 103.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' You did.
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 asta 112.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I... I might have done that, but this doesn't count as wasting money!
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 arlan 104.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' How is it not wasting money? We lost that Findie device you bought during the Legion's invasion.
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 arlan 105.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' All you had to do was check the inventory, and we could've replaced it &mdash; why did you make a new order?
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 arlan 106.ogg}} '''Arlan:''' And that starnought fleet from the last time...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} S&mdash;Starnought!?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020413-->
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I did make an order, but it didn't go through... I was just trying to improve security measures to make sure attacks like this don't happen again.
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 asta 114 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side0 ast1 asta 114 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I&mdash;If the money wasn't spent, then it doesn't count! Anyway, (Trailblazer), are you here for something?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nothing as important as what you were just discussing.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's a very abrupt way to change the topic.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020417-->
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Ugh, please, tell me why you're here.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Tell her about Richard's actions)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020419-->
:{{A|VO Side0 ast1 asta 116.ogg}} '''Asta:''' So, you think Richard was the one who stole my encryption key?
:{{tx}}
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200020113-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200021102,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200021102,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200021102: Config/Level/Mission/2000211/Act/Act200021102.json-->
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 101.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Finally, you're here. This is urgent, so I'll cut to the chase &mdash; Arlan's disappeared.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Disappeared?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031303-->
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 102.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Yes, I can't find him. He's not answering his messages or calls.
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' In all the time since I took him in, this has never happened.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you checked the surveillance cameras?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031306-->
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 104.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course! I didn't see him...
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 105.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Parts of the surveillance system were destroyed when the Legion invaded &mdash; it still hasn't been fully repaired. Maybe he took advantage of a blind spot.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031308-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031308-->
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 106.ogg}} '''Asta:''' It's been thirteen hours since he last contacted me. He usually takes less than 13 seconds to reply to my messages!
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 107.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I looked everywhere and couldn't find him, so I checked the Security Department's work plan records. This is what I found!
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 108.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Look, at his last work objectives entry: "Of the heart. Of the mirror. Of the self." It's so strange...
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_200021102_21-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_200021102_21-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The entries for last week are pretty odd too.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031312-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 109.ogg}} '''Asta:''' ...Ahaha, d&mdash;don't worry about those.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure is.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031314-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 110 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side0 al asta 110 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I knew it. (Trailblazer), you think so too, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think guys his age do tend to write like this.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031316-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' ...B&mdash;But he's never written poetry before!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031317-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031317-->
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 112.ogg}} '''Asta:''' *sigh* I asked people in the Security Department, but none of them thought it was concerning. They said stuff like:
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' "Brother Arlan is a grown man with his own plans!"
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I couldn't get them to listen at all, so I'm asking you for help.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_200021102_32-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_200021102_32-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't have any clues, how can I&mdash;
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031321-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I have a secret weapon! Say hello to...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Guys his age just need "alone time" sometimes!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031323-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 116.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Why are you acting like those Security Department idiots!? Stop fooling around and help me!
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 117.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I have a secret weapon! Say hello to...
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031325-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031325-->
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 118.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Peppy!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_200021102_40-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_200021102_40-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Peppy?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031327-->
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 119.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Mm-hmm, Peppy's my dog &mdash; Arlan's looked after him since he was a puppy. They're great friends.
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Peppy knows Arlan's scent &mdash; maybe he can track him down.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then... am I still needed?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031330-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 121.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Y&mdash;Yes! Think about it &mdash; if people see me, the acting lead researcher, searching for Arlan...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then get Peppy to find Arlan.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031332-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Peppy can't go alone. What if he gets lost too? And I can't go with him &mdash; if people see me, the acting lead researcher, searching for Arlan...
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031334-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031334-->
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 123.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Wouldn't that... Wouldn't that make Arlan look incompetent as head of the Security Department?
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 124.ogg}} '''Asta:''' ...Let's go together! Relax &mdash; Peppy doesn't bite.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 200021102_Talk-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200021113,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200021113,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200021113: Config/Level/Mission/2000211/Act/Act200021113.json-->
:{{A|VO Side0 al asta 132.ogg}} '''Asta:''' *sigh* What happened to you, Arlan? Why did you have to get that sleazy Capote to help you with a trial?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's look at these materials first.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031574-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 133.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Yeah, I guess that's our starting point.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That Capote does have something about him...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031576-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 134.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I heard he's good at rallying people to his cause... Ugh, never mind, let's stay on track and find some clues.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_200021111_247-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_200021111_247-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Read the fan reply card.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031578-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 135.ogg}} '''Asta:''' This handwriting looks familiar... Is it Arlan's...?
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 136.ogg}} '''Asta:''' "Against the scorching sun, a beautiful flower will never endure. Within my fair embrace, my love for you is tender and pure."
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 137.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Yuck, so slimy... it does sound like Capote.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Look at the limited-edition snapshot.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031582-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 138.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Looks like a candid shot... but surely he knew it was being taken &mdash; it's autographed.
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 139.ogg}} '''Asta:''' There's a figure that's not quite in the shot. Is that... Arlan!?
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 140.ogg}} '''Asta:''' So Arlan did go to see Professor Capote. This is the evidence.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Read Master Capote's Life Wiki version 12.0.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031586-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 141.ogg}} '''Asta:''' ...Even the space station handbook doesn't get updated this frequently.
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 142.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Is this... an audio transcript?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"IsDynamic": false,
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 190301
		}
	}
}</pre>
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We have enough clues.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031597-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 143.ogg}} '''Asta:''' So... the trial of the heart means knowing how to deal with an overbearing boss.
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 144.ogg}} '''Asta:''' So that's... how Arlan sees me...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_200021111_271-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_200021111_271-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe it isn't about you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't be too hard on yourself.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031601-->
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 145.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I need to talk to him &mdash; let's hurry up and find him.
::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 146.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Peppy, it's your turn again.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 200021113_Talk-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 100030114,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 100030114,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 100030114: Config/Level/Mission/1000301/Act/Act100030114.json-->
:{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 112 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 112 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Hello, you must be... (Trailblazer), right? How can I help you?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100021116-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100021116-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to learn about the space station.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100021117-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' This is Herta Space Station. As you might tell from its name, it belongs to the distinguished Madam Herta herself.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Herta Space Station was originally built as a warehouse for rare items and relics, but Madam Herta also allowed her followers to oversee tasks and conduct research. It then gradually turned into a scientific research base.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The storage zone you passed through contains all our inventory, and is the main research center.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 116.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The master control zone where we are now is the control center of the whole space station.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 117.ogg}} '''Asta:''' It is said that the space station also contains Madam Herta's private chamber where her most precious, rare, and dangerous collections are sealed... And for someone like her, it's not out of the realm of possibility.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 118.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Even from me, the lead researcher, there are many things she keeps secret.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to learn about you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100021124-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 119.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I'm lead researcher of Herta Space Station. But honestly... I'm more like Madam Herta's "housekeeper" of this place.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Madam Herta is a genius, but managing disparate staff, tactfully representing the space station before the Intelligentsia Guild... these are all things beyond her abilities. But as it turns out they are my forte.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 121.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Hehe, scholars are a lot easier to deal with than those vociferous old geezers back at home.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' No matter how much they drone on about "Astronomy is just about looking at things, it doesn't bring any real value," they all fall silent in front of Madam Herta.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 123.ogg}} '''Asta:''' No matter the problem, you just needed to say that it was Madam Herta's wishes and all would be fine. After all, Herta herself is a symbol of wisdom.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 124.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Hey, thanks to her, I can count the stars to sleep. Otherwise, I would've had to take over the family fortune. Just thinking about it terrifies me.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to learn about Arlan.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100021131-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 125.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Arlan went to dress his wounds at the rest area. He knows himself well... but if he insists on pushing his limits, I'll give him a good earful.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 126.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I'm very upset he didn't obey my orders and insisted on searching the storage zone even though everyone had already evacuated.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 127.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I know he didn't want to leave any researchers behind... The Security Department is more than just a job to him.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 128.ogg}} '''Asta:''' But Arlan doesn't care about getting hurt, he only cares about protecting others. It's the only way he feels... fulfilled.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 129.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And it's not that I don't understand where he's coming from. I just want him to look out for himself, too!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to learn about Herta.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100021137-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 130.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Herta... she's a member of the Genius Society. One of the proud favorites of the Aeon of Erudition. Ever since the birth of {{Rubi|Nous|Aeon of Erudition}}, there have only been 84 people admitted into the Genius Society.
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 131.ogg}} '''Asta:''' That is why Madam Herta is extremely... headstrong... She only pursues what interests her and as soon as that interest is lost, she abandons it and moves on. The space station was one such abandoned interest...
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 132.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Anyway, I lent out one of her manuscripts as a resource reference not long ago. It should still be in the master control zone. You can take a look if you wish.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100021141-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 133.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Huh, chatting with you seems to have lightened my mood. It seems like talking can really raise one's spirits.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 100030114_Talk-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 100050101,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 100050101,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 100050103: Config/Level/Mission/1000501/Act/Act100050103.json-->
:{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 101 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), thank goodness you're all safe.
:{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 102.ogg}} '''Asta:''' It's a pity that we haven't had the chance to talk much, and now the Express is about to leave. Do you have any questions?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100040349-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040349-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 100050124-->)
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is the damage to the space station serious?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040350-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Madam Herta gave me a piece of code, which she apparently wrote on the way here. I just tried it out and the defense shield's regenerating three times faster than before.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 104.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Thanks to her, the Antimatter Legion outside is not much of a threat anymore. The space station's repairs and reconstruction can also begin smoothly, but internally...
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 105.ogg}} '''Asta:''' When the Stellaron was extracted, even for that brief moment, it corroded the space station and formed a new space &mdash; what we now call the Fragmentum.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 106.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The part that was corroded is irreversible, so the space station will always be in a state of quasi-Fragmentum.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the effects of the Fragmentum?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040355-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 107.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so there will be monsters that will enter the space station through its Fragmentum.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will I also be corroded by the Fragmentum?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040357-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 108.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Ahh, I'd like to know the answer to that as well.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 109.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so monsters will be able to enter the space station through the Fragmentum here. But it shouldn't allow anything to exit your body, so...
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Make sure you don't burn yourself out.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040373-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' After all this is over, I'm putting my vacation time in with Madam Herta. I've got it all planned. I'll hop on an airship and give The Blue a good look.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can see it from the space station, you know?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040375-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 112.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Be that as it may, taking it in while on vacation and observing it during work are not the same thing.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will Madam Herta let you take a vacation?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040377-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I guess so? I haven't taken leave once since I joined the space station...
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Herta says I can stay.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050115-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: 100050124_talk-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 Ag1 asta 101.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Huh? Madam Herta said that?
:::{{A|VO chapter0 Ag1 asta 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 Ag1 asta 102 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' In that case... I have nothing against it either. Mind you, if Madam Herta was to do something to you, (Trailblazer)...
:::{{A|VO chapter0 Ag1 asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' She's not going to care a lot about what you think.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100040349_1-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040349_1-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is the damage to the space station serious?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040350_1-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Madam Herta gave me a piece of code, which she apparently wrote on the way here. I just tried it out and the defense shield's regenerating three times faster than before.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 104.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Thanks to her, the Antimatter Legion outside is not much of a threat anymore. The space station's repairs and reconstruction can also begin smoothly, but internally...
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 105.ogg}} '''Asta:''' When the Stellaron was extracted, even for that brief moment, it corroded the space station and formed a new space &mdash; what we now call the Fragmentum.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 106.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The part that was corroded is irreversible, so the space station will always be in a state of quasi-Fragmentum.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the effects of the Fragmentum?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040355_1-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 107.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so there will be monsters that will enter the space station through its Fragmentum.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will I also be corroded by the Fragmentum?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040357_1-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 108.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Ahh, I'd like to know the answer to that as well.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 109.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so monsters will be able to enter the space station through the Fragmentum here. But it shouldn't allow anything to exit your body, so...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Make sure you don't burn yourself out.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040373_1-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' After all this is over, I'm putting my vacation time in with Madam Herta. I've got it all planned. I'll hop on an airship and give The Blue a good look.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can see it from the space station, you know?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040375_1-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 112.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Be that as it may, taking it in while on vacation and observing it during work are not the same thing.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will Madam Herta let you take a vacation?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040377_1-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I guess so? I haven't taken leave once since I joined the space station...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there really no way I can help?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040366_1-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' If you wanted to come back and help, of course, I wouldn't refuse you. Dan Heng helped inventory our rare items, March 7th said that she would help out as much as she can and connected over 50 wires in the electrical room. Everyone from the Express is so obliging...
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And I think you're pretty good at "meddling" too, (Trailblazer).
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think things over.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040369-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Sure, no hurry.
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there really no way I can help?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040366-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' If you wanted to come back and help, of course, I wouldn't refuse you. Dan Heng helped inventory our rare items, March 7th said that she would help out as much as she can and connected over 50 wires in the electrical room. Everyone from the Express is so obliging...
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And I think you're pretty good at "meddling" too, (Trailblazer).
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think things over.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040369-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Sure, no hurry.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Started: 100050124-->)
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 100050125-->)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is the damage to the space station serious?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040350-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Madam Herta gave me a piece of code, which she apparently wrote on the way here. I just tried it out and the defense shield's regenerating three times faster than before.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 104.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Thanks to her, the Antimatter Legion outside is not much of a threat anymore. The space station's repairs and reconstruction can also begin smoothly, but internally...
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 105.ogg}} '''Asta:''' When the Stellaron was extracted, even for that brief moment, it corroded the space station and formed a new space &mdash; what we now call the Fragmentum.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 106.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The part that was corroded is irreversible, so the space station will always be in a state of quasi-Fragmentum.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the effects of the Fragmentum?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040355-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 107.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so there will be monsters that will enter the space station through its Fragmentum.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will I also be corroded by the Fragmentum?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040357-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 108.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Ahh, I'd like to know the answer to that as well.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 109.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so monsters will be able to enter the space station through the Fragmentum here. But it shouldn't allow anything to exit your body, so...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Make sure you don't burn yourself out.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040373-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' After all this is over, I'm putting my vacation time in with Madam Herta. I've got it all planned. I'll hop on an airship and give The Blue a good look.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can see it from the space station, you know?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040375-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 112.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Be that as it may, taking it in while on vacation and observing it during work are not the same thing.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will Madam Herta let you take a vacation?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040377-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I guess so? I haven't taken leave once since I joined the space station...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there really no way I can help?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040366-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' If you wanted to come back and help, of course, I wouldn't refuse you. Dan Heng helped inventory our rare items, March 7th said that she would help out as much as she can and connected over 50 wires in the electrical room. Everyone from the Express is so obliging...
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And I think you're pretty good at "meddling" too, (Trailblazer).
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think things over.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040369-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Sure, no hurry.
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 100050125-->)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is the damage to the space station serious?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040350-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Madam Herta gave me a piece of code, which she apparently wrote on the way here. I just tried it out and the defense shield's regenerating three times faster than before.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 104.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Thanks to her, the Antimatter Legion outside is not much of a threat anymore. The space station's repairs and reconstruction can also begin smoothly, but internally...
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 105.ogg}} '''Asta:''' When the Stellaron was extracted, even for that brief moment, it corroded the space station and formed a new space &mdash; what we now call the Fragmentum.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 106.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The part that was corroded is irreversible, so the space station will always be in a state of quasi-Fragmentum.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the effects of the Fragmentum?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040355-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 107.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so there will be monsters that will enter the space station through its Fragmentum.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will I also be corroded by the Fragmentum?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040357-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 108.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Ahh, I'd like to know the answer to that as well.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 109.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so monsters will be able to enter the space station through the Fragmentum here. But it shouldn't allow anything to exit your body, so...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Make sure you don't burn yourself out.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040373-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' After all this is over, I'm putting my vacation time in with Madam Herta. I've got it all planned. I'll hop on an airship and give The Blue a good look.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can see it from the space station, you know?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040375-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 112.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Be that as it may, taking it in while on vacation and observing it during work are not the same thing.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will Madam Herta let you take a vacation?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040377-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I guess so? I haven't taken leave once since I joined the space station...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can I stay at the space station?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040361-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 116.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I like you, but... you have a Stellaron in your body.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 117.ogg}} '''Asta:''' If you were just wandering around, or if you agreed to be sealed away in an experiment pod, that would be fine.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 118.ogg}} '''Asta:''' But if you're going to work in the space station long-term, the Stellaron may have some serious effects on the station's Fragmentum. As the lead researcher, that's a risk I cannot take.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 119.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I can sense your enthusiasm for the space station, but I'm afraid I have to turn you away.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100040349_1-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040349_1-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is the damage to the space station serious?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040350_1-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Madam Herta gave me a piece of code, which she apparently wrote on the way here. I just tried it out and the defense shield's regenerating three times faster than before.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 104.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Thanks to her, the Antimatter Legion outside is not much of a threat anymore. The space station's repairs and reconstruction can also begin smoothly, but internally...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 105.ogg}} '''Asta:''' When the Stellaron was extracted, even for that brief moment, it corroded the space station and formed a new space &mdash; what we now call the Fragmentum.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 106.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The part that was corroded is irreversible, so the space station will always be in a state of quasi-Fragmentum.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the effects of the Fragmentum?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040355_1-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 107.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so there will be monsters that will enter the space station through its Fragmentum.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will I also be corroded by the Fragmentum?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040357_1-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 108.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Ahh, I'd like to know the answer to that as well.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 109.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so monsters will be able to enter the space station through the Fragmentum here. But it shouldn't allow anything to exit your body, so...
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Make sure you don't burn yourself out.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040373_1-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' After all this is over, I'm putting my vacation time in with Madam Herta. I've got it all planned. I'll hop on an airship and give The Blue a good look.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can see it from the space station, you know?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040375_1-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 112.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Be that as it may, taking it in while on vacation and observing it during work are not the same thing.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will Madam Herta let you take a vacation?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040377_1-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I guess so? I haven't taken leave once since I joined the space station...
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there really no way I can help?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040366_1-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' If you wanted to come back and help, of course, I wouldn't refuse you. Dan Heng helped inventory our rare items, March 7th said that she would help out as much as she can and connected over 50 wires in the electrical room. Everyone from the Express is so obliging...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And I think you're pretty good at "meddling" too, (Trailblazer).
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think things over.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040369-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Sure, no hurry.
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there really no way I can help?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040366-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' If you wanted to come back and help, of course, I wouldn't refuse you. Dan Heng helped inventory our rare items, March 7th said that she would help out as much as she can and connected over 50 wires in the electrical room. Everyone from the Express is so obliging...
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And I think you're pretty good at "meddling" too, (Trailblazer).
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think things over.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040369-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Sure, no hurry.
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_100050103-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200010801,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200010801,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200010801: Config/Level/Mission/2000108/Act/Act200010801.json-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201080101-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080101-->
:'''Asta:''' The Legion is gone, and the Curios are back. Various departments are returning to their research, and the newly imported goods from the cosmos are beginning to circulate.
:'''Asta:''' Everything is going smoothly with Project Revival. So what exactly does this letter mean?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010801_8-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010801_8-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I heard you are looking for me?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080104-->
:'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), you're back. Just in time!
:'''Asta:''' Thanks to your help and everybody's hard work, the space station is pretty much back on its feet.
:'''Asta:''' As a conclusion to Project Revival, I wanted to summon you to witness the fruits of our labor.
:'''Asta:''' But just two days ago, I received a strange letter. Now that you're here, perhaps you can help me figure out what it is about.
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"IsDynamic": false,
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 190167
		}
	}
}</pre>
:'''Asta:''' I often hear the researchers praise you for your resourcefulness and good judgment. What do you think? Any clue what this message is about?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010801_16-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010801_16-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} It seems like something from the Department of Implement Arts.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080110-->
::'''Asta:''' Yes, only the researcher called Wen in the Department of Implement Arts would speak like that.
::'''Asta:''' However, it was a strange story how I got hold of this letter at the beginning. It was sandwiched in a tome called ''A Guide to Astral Realm Species'' on the Conference Room table. Normally, no one looks at it except me.
::'''Asta:''' Obviously, someone wanted to hand me this letter in private, so I didn't dare to ask the staff in the Department of Implement Arts.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Who is this Cryptologist From Locus Silentii?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080114-->
::'''Asta:''' As far as I know, there is no one with this title in the space station. It must be an alias.
::'''Asta:''' But the identity of the writer is not what I am most concerned about.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Spirit sounds particularly familiar.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080117-->
::'''Asta:''' Spirit... Spirit... Can it be... The Xenohydro? Well done, (Trailblazer)! You just found the "key" to the text right away. Now everything makes sense!
::'''Asta:''' It seems this is no ordinary letter, it's from an informant. Their intention is to report on the Xenohydro.
::'''Asta:''' The Xenohydro has disappeared from the space station since it escaped from Mr. Wen Mingde's hands.
::'''Asta:''' This letter seems to support the rumor that the Xenohydro was not caught because it has an accomplice.
::'''Asta:''' Look at this sentence. "An inquiry into spirit traces, a glance into the site of storage" is obviously leading us to investigate the Xenohydro's range of activities, and "to be an accomplice" implies the existence of an accomplice.
::'''Asta:''' As for the other six sentences, in my opinion, some depict the portrait of the accomplice and some describe the real hiding place of the Xenohydro. Unfortunately, I have no idea how to interpret the rest of the message.
::'''Asta:''' Now that we are done with other work, this letter falls into our hands at just the right moment. It's high time we put the Xenohydro issue back on the table. (Trailblazer), what do you think?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010801_33-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010801_33-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am with you all the way!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080124-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have a lot going on lately...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080126-->
:::'''Asta:''' Please, (Trailblazer). I hope you won't refuse. After all&mdash;
::'''Asta:''' Considering there may be a traitor among us, if I hand this case to our staff, we might alert the culprit. And (Trailblazer), you're not a staff member, and you've also met the Xenohydro before. You really are the ideal candidate to handle this case.
::'''Asta:''' And if there is an accomplice involved, this matter is no longer a simple case of Curio retrieval. It must be handled with caution. Therefore, I would like to ask you to go to the Storage Zone mentioned in the letter and verify the facts.
::'''Asta:''' If we can catch either the Xenohydro or the accomplice, we'll be able to interrogate them. Then I can judge whether the accomplice's motive is malicious or not.
::'''Asta:''' At this critical juncture, it is up to us to finally finish Project Revival.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200010801-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200010823,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200010823,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceD 200010821: Config/Level/Mission/2000108/Act/Act200010821.json-->
----
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081401-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081401-->
:'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
:'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
:'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
:'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
:'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
:'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
:'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
:'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
:'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
:'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
:'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
----
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
:'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
:'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
:'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
:'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
:'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
:'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
:'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 2000108_TalkEnd-->
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_2010814_380)
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_380-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I couldn't catch them...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200030101,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200030101,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030101: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030101.json-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030103-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030103-->
:'''Asta:''' Yeah. I want you to investigate the source of the memetic virus that infected the Crackup Conch.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000301_11-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000301_11-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Crackup Conch?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030105-->
::'''Asta:''' It's one of our Curios. It looks like an ordinary conch, but when you get close, you can hear the dirty jokes coming from the inside.
::'''Asta:''' As long as you hold your laughter, you can slowly obtain the secret power it contains. Of course, no one has succeeded so far, so we only use it on people in interrogations.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} "Memetic virus?"
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030108-->
::'''Asta:''' It is a kind of information particle that spreads around exponentially like a virus, which will bring changes and contamination to the host's nature of thinking.
::'''Asta:''' Unfortunately, it can infect inanimate objects, and thus it changed the Crackup Conch's external expression &mdash; it no longer tells jokes, but instead, it keeps talking weird nonsense.
::'''Asta:''' Like "Get out of your comfort zone, or you'll be wasted," or "The pain you suffer will light up your way"... cliché quotes that just make people cringe.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you for the explanation. I got the gist.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030112-->
::'''Asta:''' I had someone examine it and found that it was caused by the memetic virus. But the Crackup Conch has been properly stored all this time, which means it's impossible for it to get infected on its own.
::'''Asta:''' The only possibility is that workers who were already infected passed on the virus when they came into contact with the item. After I looked into the list of people who had recent contact with it, I identified three suspects.
::'''Asta:''' Well, I'm sure you already know what I'm about to say next. I want you to investigate these three suspects for me.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000301_24-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000301_24-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why me...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030116-->
:::'''Asta:''' Hehe, with great power comes great responsibility. Besides, I'm not just trying to take advantage of you. I sent people from the Security Department earlier, but they all failed.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is the Security Department here just for show?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030118-->
:::'''Asta:''' I arranged for them to investigate as soon as I identified the list of suspects. But they all found nothing unusual.
:::'''Asta:''' Since these suspects have spent a fair bit of time in the space station, they are pretty familiar with the Security Department. They might have gotten away with their possible misconduct.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030120-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030120-->
::'''Asta:''' I, therefore, could not get any useful investigation results. That's why I need to ask you for a favor &mdash; you don't know them very well. It may be easier for you to spot their flaws from a stranger's perspective.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000301_32-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000301_32-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if they find out?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030122-->
:::'''Asta:''' Don't worry, you are a hero who has saved the space station. No one will suspect you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds reasonable...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030124-->
:::'''Asta:''' It is!
:::'''Asta:''' And it is not rocket science. You just need to walk up to them and listen, then see if there are any unusual behaviors.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030126-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030126-->
::'''Asta:''' If you find anything weird, just write it down and report it to me. So, what do you think?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000301_40-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000301_40-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem. I'll take care of it.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030128-->
:::'''Asta:''' That's great. I'm so relieved that you're willing to help. I will reward you fairly. Let me think...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can help, but are there any rewards...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030130-->
:::'''Asta:''' Don't worry. Do you have anything in mind already? I heard the starnought fleet has been very popular recently. But that thing is huge. I don't think you'll like it...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030131-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030131-->
::'''Asta:''' Well... I don't know your taste. Why don't I pay for everything in your shopping cart out of my own pocket? You are free to choose whatever you like.
::'''Asta:''' Well, let me tell you about the three suspects &mdash; Mare from the Department of Insight, Chris from the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, and Joanne from the Medical Department.
::'''Asta:''' They usually stay in their own cabins. Given the station's current situation, I don't think they'll be anywhere else... So, please help me take care of this.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030101-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200030108,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200030108,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030108: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030108.json-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030503-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030503-->
:'''Asta:''' So, all three of them sound unusual. But in theory, there should only be one person who is infected.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030508-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030508-->
:'''Asta:''' The principle behind it is actually quite simple. The viral load of informational particles left behind by the memetic virus in the Crackup Conch is simply not high enough.
:'''Asta:''' The viral load detected barely reaches the amount that can be carried by an infected adult. So it's absolutely impossible for the Crackup Conch to have contracted the virus from multiple individuals.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_133-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_133-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But my investigation couldn't corroborate this...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030511-->
::'''Asta:''' It's okay. I've got a backup plan.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, what next?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030513-->
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, I've got a backup plan.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030514-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030514-->
:'''Asta:''' The memetic virus is transmitted through virtual data. And all the virtual data in the space station leave traces in the terminal.
:'''Asta:''' Since we couldn't get much from our previous investigation, let's check the browsing records of the three suspects. Then we should be able to identify the source of the infection.
:'''Asta:''' Hehe, I've got an emergency plan for situations like this. Please visit the Data Exchange Center &mdash; where the terminal is located.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_142-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_142-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I've never used a terminal...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030518-->
::'''Asta:''' Don't worry. It's simple. Enter the terminal room, verify your identity, and you can start your query.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't you go yourself?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030520-->
::'''Asta:''' *sigh* I have my own reasons. It's a long story.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030521-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030521-->
:'''Asta:''' Simply put, anyone using any data gadget, which basically includes everyone on the space station, would have their user behaviors recorded by the terminal. It is thus inappropriate for me or any other staff member to check such information.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_149-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_149-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Um, I still don't get it.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030523-->
::'''Asta:''' Don't worry. I'll explain to you when I have time.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I know. You are just looking for excuses to slack off.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030525-->
::'''Asta:''' It's not like that. I would have gone if I could.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030526-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030526-->
:'''Asta:''' Think about it. Despite different backgrounds and identities, people on the space station have reached an agreement on personal privacy.
:'''Asta:''' The traces left from using virtual data can be found on the terminal. For example, from here people can see all the unusual virtual platforms you visited during your working hours.
:'''Asta:''' Therefore, to respect everyone's privacy, no one, including myself and the other staff, should access the terminal.
:'''Asta:''' Think about it in their shoes, if you are space station staff, would you be happy with me going through your browsing records on the virtual network?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_159-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_159-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd rather die...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's unacceptable.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030532-->
:'''Asta:''' Now you understand, right? That's why your special identity makes you the perfect candidate for this!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_164-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_164-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why? I don't understand.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030534-->
::'''Asta:''' Let me start with your heroic deeds and your special identity.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, you just want me to get beaten up?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030536-->
::'''Asta:''' Jeez, is this the kind of nonsense you think about all day? I have nothing against you. Why would I set you up?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030537-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030537-->
:'''Asta:''' From an objective point of view, you are an outsider on the space station. You are not familiar with most people here, so it's unlikely that you hold any personal grudge against anyone.
:'''Asta:''' Not every outsider has the right to access the data records. But you are different. You are the hero who saved the space station. People trust your moral character.
:'''Asta:''' But of course, if you do decide to help, I hope you will keep everything you see strictly confidential.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_173-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_173-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem. My lips are sealed.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030541-->
::'''Asta:''' Anyway, keep it all a secret while you're still in the space station. As for where you go or what you do in the future, it's none of my business.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Piece of cake. Just leave it to me.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030543-->
::'''Asta:''' Thank you so much!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030544-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030544-->
:'''Asta:''' Before you leave, let me tell you how to use the terminal.
:'''Asta:''' As you know, the invasion of the station severely damaged the whole data center. And the server room where the terminal is housed is no exception.
:'''Asta:''' Despite our best efforts, the damage is yet to be fully remediated. And reported cases of memetic virus infection only made things worse. I had to send a maintenance engineer to monitor the situation on a daily basis.
:'''Asta:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|The engineer would turn on the optical identity verification program manually every day}} to check whether the bioelectricity of each visitor entering the room is normal, thus ensuring that the terminal room is not invaded.
:'''Asta:''' Since the optical identity verification program is {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|refreshed dynamically after it is turned on every day, you need to re-verify your identity every time you enter.}}
:'''Asta:''' For more details, please {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|consult the maintenance engineer}}. I've told the engineer that you have permission to enter the room.
:'''Asta:''' So... I will leave the rest to you!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030108-->
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_2000305_125)
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_125-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe they are all infected.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030505-->
:::'''Asta:''' It can't be. It doesn't match the data detected in the Crackup Conch.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you so sure that only one person is infected?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030507-->
:::'''Asta:''' Because I have test results that have been scientifically verified.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030508-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030508-->
::'''Asta:''' The principle behind it is actually quite simple. The viral load of informational particles left behind by the memetic virus in the Crackup Conch is simply not high enough.
::'''Asta:''' The viral load detected barely reaches the amount that can be carried by an infected adult. So it's absolutely impossible for the Crackup Conch to have contracted the virus from multiple individuals.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_133-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_133-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But my investigation couldn't corroborate this...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030511-->
:::'''Asta:''' It's okay. I've got a backup plan.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, what next?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030513-->
:::'''Asta:''' Hehe, I've got a backup plan.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030514-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030514-->
::'''Asta:''' The memetic virus is transmitted through virtual data. And all the virtual data in the space station leave traces in the terminal.
::'''Asta:''' Since we couldn't get much from our previous investigation, let's check the browsing records of the three suspects. Then we should be able to identify the source of the infection.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, I've got an emergency plan for situations like this. Please visit the Data Exchange Center &mdash; where the terminal is located.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_142-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_142-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I've never used a terminal...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030518-->
:::'''Asta:''' Don't worry. It's simple. Enter the terminal room, verify your identity, and you can start your query.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't you go yourself?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030520-->
:::'''Asta:''' *sigh* I have my own reasons. It's a long story.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030521-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030521-->
::'''Asta:''' Simply put, anyone using any data gadget, which basically includes everyone on the space station, would have their user behaviors recorded by the terminal. It is thus inappropriate for me or any other staff member to check such information.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_149-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_149-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Um, I still don't get it.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030523-->
:::'''Asta:''' Don't worry. I'll explain to you when I have time.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I know. You are just looking for excuses to slack off.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030525-->
:::'''Asta:''' It's not like that. I would have gone if I could.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030526-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030526-->
::'''Asta:''' Think about it. Despite different backgrounds and identities, people on the space station have reached an agreement on personal privacy.
::'''Asta:''' The traces left from using virtual data can be found on the terminal. For example, from here people can see all the unusual virtual platforms you visited during your working hours.
::'''Asta:''' Therefore, to respect everyone's privacy, no one, including myself and the other staff, should access the terminal.
::'''Asta:''' Think about it in their shoes, if you are space station staff, would you be happy with me going through your browsing records on the virtual network?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_159-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_159-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd rather die...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's unacceptable.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030532-->
::'''Asta:''' Now you understand, right? That's why your special identity makes you the perfect candidate for this!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_164-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_164-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why? I don't understand.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030534-->
:::'''Asta:''' Let me start with your heroic deeds and your special identity.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, you just want me to get beaten up?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030536-->
:::'''Asta:''' Jeez, is this the kind of nonsense you think about all day? I have nothing against you. Why would I set you up?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030537-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030537-->
::'''Asta:''' From an objective point of view, you are an outsider on the space station. You are not familiar with most people here, so it's unlikely that you hold any personal grudge against anyone.
::'''Asta:''' Not every outsider has the right to access the data records. But you are different. You are the hero who saved the space station. People trust your moral character.
::'''Asta:''' But of course, if you do decide to help, I hope you will keep everything you see strictly confidential.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_173-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_173-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem. My lips are sealed.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030541-->
:::'''Asta:''' Anyway, keep it all a secret while you're still in the space station. As for where you go or what you do in the future, it's none of my business.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Piece of cake. Just leave it to me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030543-->
:::'''Asta:''' Thank you so much!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030544-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030544-->
::'''Asta:''' Before you leave, let me tell you how to use the terminal.
::'''Asta:''' As you know, the invasion of the station severely damaged the whole data center. And the server room where the terminal is housed is no exception.
::'''Asta:''' Despite our best efforts, the damage is yet to be fully remediated. And reported cases of memetic virus infection only made things worse. I had to send a maintenance engineer to monitor the situation on a daily basis.
::'''Asta:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|The engineer would turn on the optical identity verification program manually every day}} to check whether the bioelectricity of each visitor entering the room is normal, thus ensuring that the terminal room is not invaded.
::'''Asta:''' Since the optical identity verification program is {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|refreshed dynamically after it is turned on every day, you need to re-verify your identity every time you enter.}}
::'''Asta:''' For more details, please {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|consult the maintenance engineer}}. I've told the engineer that you have permission to enter the room.
::'''Asta:''' So... I will leave the rest to you!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200030405,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200030405,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030405: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030405.json-->
:'''Asta:''' Great. I heard from the maintenance engineer that, due to incomplete recovery from the previous invasion, the terminal's computing power had been hindering your progress.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031103-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031103-->
:'''Asta:''' So I didn't expect you to finish the investigation so soon. Thank you for your hard work. So what's the conclusion?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000311_293-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_293-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Tell her your observation and your analysis.)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031105-->
:'''Asta:''' Haha, I see. I did have a suspicion that Joanne was the one who got infected. But I didn't have any substantial evidence.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000311_297-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_297-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} How did you know it was her?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031107-->
::'''Asta:''' Simple. Out of the three of them, she is the only one who exhibited speech patterns similar to those of the Crackup Conch after its infection.
::'''Asta:''' I've always found it rather suspicious that she, a person who dozes off all the time, would have such a drastic change of personality and would quit all her habits and hobbies out of nowhere.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you ever suspected the other two?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031110-->
::'''Asta:''' Their behaviors may seem strange to you, but to me, they are extremely normal.
::'''Asta:''' Let's start with Mare. Getting distracted at work is such a common occurrence for all humans. It sometimes happens to me, even when I'm working in my favorite field of research.
::'''Asta:''' Then there's Chris. He is said to be a good student from a poor family. And compared with the other researchers, he's still fairly new here on the space station. So it's normal that he would experience discomfort after a lengthy space flight.
::'''Asta:''' What surprised me was the severity of his discomfort. So I've already sent for a doctor to check on him.
:'''Asta:''' Anyway, the overall result is as expected. Next, we should weed out Joanne's virus and get her "back on track" to her old self.
:'''Asta:''' Thank you for your hard work on finding such substantial evidence, so&mdash;
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000311_309-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_309-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hold on, I have a few questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031117-->
::'''Asta:''' Oh? Go ahead. I'll answer all your questions if I know the answers.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I still don't get it...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031119-->
::'''Asta:''' Huh?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031120-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031120-->
:'''Asta:''' Is there anything else I need to clarify?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000311_316-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_316-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Isn't it a good thing to keep Joanne this way?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031122-->
::'''Asta:''' ...That was a dangerous thought. Of course not. Joanne is a living human being. You shouldn't think like that.
::'''Asta:''' Although we come from different cultural backgrounds, some of the most basic rights and interests are recognized by all of us as the common bottom line and must not be deprived.
::'''Asta:''' Besides, based on my personal experience, you'll never get great results in any field of research unless you are passionate about it.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How did you guess correctly that Joanne was the one?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031126-->
::'''Asta:''' Guess? I didn't "guess." To some extent, it was just simple psychology.
::'''Asta:''' Joanne completely wiped out her personal life, which is very unusual. Think about this simple analogy. People's capacity for work is limited, just like how a balloon can only hold a finite amount of air...
::'''Asta:''' When they don't get enough rest or fulfillment, people will just be like a balloon being unceasingly inflated, which will inevitably blow up if there's no chance for an air release.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Aren't you worried about the other two?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031130-->
::'''Asta:''' Worried about what? Do you mean how their research at the space station will be affected? I don't think there's any problem except that Chris might need some psychological counseling from a doctor.
::'''Asta:''' People have the freedom to do whatever they want in their own lives, as long as they don't undermine the security of the space station or violate the regulations.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't have any more questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031133-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, I do get your point to some extent. It might seem productive, at least in the short term, to just disregard people's safety concerns and force them into nonstop work. But in the real world, such practices will only spell disaster.
::'''Asta:''' The station is built in space, far away from any land surface. Not everyone can adapt to life here. This will become clear after a while.
::'''Asta:''' Despite our top-notch equipment and resources, some people still find it unbearable to live on the station after staying here for a long time.
::'''Asta:''' In that case, letting people develop their own hobbies improves everyone's mental health, especially when they have been away from land for an extended period of time. This is the best way to improve overall productivity.
::'''Asta:''' After all, we are born to be humans, not plants or rocks that do not have emotions. How could we still call ourselves humans if we were to throw away our hobbies and emotions?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000311_335-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_335-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I don't seem to have any hobbies...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031139-->
:::'''Asta:''' Well, I do know a little about your situation. It's alright. You still have a long way to go. You'll eventually find your hobbies and your own way of life.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That makes sense.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031141-->
:::'''Asta:''' Of course it does. This is also my life experience. Having fun in life is all about investing in things that you find interesting.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031142-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031142-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, you still have a long way ahead of you. When you are out there exploring, remember &mdash; no matter what, don't just throw away your hobbies and your emotions.
::'''Asta:''' Oh right, by the way, I almost forgot one thing.
::'''Asta:''' I know paper records will be printed out at the terminal. Keep those records to yourself. Don't let the information leak out in the space station. Promise me, or I'll take back the reward.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000311_344-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_344-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry, they will never leak out.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031146-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, anyway, thank you so much. This is the reward for you. I made this myself.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031147-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031147-->
::'''Asta:''' Ehem, if you don't like it, I can take you to buy the starnought fleet when the latest version comes out. It's very popular among young people these days.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030405-->
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_2000311_288)
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_288-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've gone through all the data records.
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200010824,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200010824,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceD 200010818: Config/Level/Mission/2000108/Act/Act200010818.json-->
----
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081401-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081401-->
:'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_380-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_380-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I couldn't catch them...
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
:'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
:'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
:'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
:'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
:'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
:'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
:'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
:'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
:'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
:'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_01",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut",
		"BlendTime": 1
	}
}</pre>
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
:'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
:'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
:'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
:'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
:'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
:'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
:'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 2000108_TalkEnd-->
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_2010814_377)
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_01",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut",
		"BlendTime": 1
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 800010402,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 800010402,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 800010402: Config/Level/Mission/8000104/Act/Act800010402.json-->
:'''Asta:''' Shh&mdash; I already know about that. The first person Leonard messaged was me.
:'''Asta:''' But now that the space station is under maintenance, I don't want to add any undue stress to staff who aren't involved. So let's not spread this news yet, okay? Let's keep things hush-hush, alright?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091205-->
::'''Asta:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer). I knew you'd understand!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not alright.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091207-->
::'''Asta:''' Mmm, alright, (Trailblazer) is an adamant person... That's okay. I'll just talk to everyone who knows about this one-on-one.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_800091208-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091208-->
:'''Asta:''' As for Leonard... Just trust him. Since the breach, he's been living in his terminal room and was hardly taking breaks. The Calliwells are all like that.
:'''Asta:''' I trust he can handle this properly. The Maintenance Department is keeping a close eye on this one. If you're still worried about him, then give him more support.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_800010249-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 100050201,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 100050101,
		"Param2": 3
	}
]
</pre>
:'''Asta:''' It's you! Thanks for helping out on the station.
:'''Asta:''' Did you encounter some problems?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 202030302,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 202030302,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030302: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030302.json-->
:'''Asta:''' Let me finish before you say anything, otherwise you might misunderstand...
:'''Asta:''' A while ago, romantic poems gained popularity in the space station. Many staff members were affected by the romantic mood, and so many of them have started using the opportunity to get to know their other half.
:'''Asta:''' I'm not an old-fashioned, stubborn person. Our staff members work here, live here, so of course I would support their romantic pursuits and lifestyle.
:'''Asta:''' There's a researcher here named {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Wen Furui}}. Everyone thought he only has academic research on his mind and does not care about relationships...
:'''Asta:''' Recently, however, he suddenly requested to be dispatched to conduct research off-station, specifically to investigate the cultural phenomenon in Xianzhou.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's the problem with that?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030229-->
:'''Asta:''' He's a physics researcher, what is he trying to do with a cultural study? This is too big a jump!
:'''Asta:''' His uncharacteristic behavior worries me... so I probed into it a little. Recently, he has been obsessed with the Foxian Beauty Chat, a private romance counseling service on the Xianzhou Luofu.
:'''Asta:''' That's right. His real reason to request for a transfer is not because of an academic shift, but a desire to meet with the Xianzhou foxian beauty he was in contact with.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you supportive of your staff members' romantic pursuits?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030207-->
::'''Asta:''' I treat all my staff members equally. If Wen Furui wants to pursue his romantic yearnings, I will not stop him. But this Foxian Beauty Chat thing is very suspicious.
::'''Asta:''' Those who have some common sense would be considerably suspicious, but Researcher Wen is... not one of them.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does Herta Space Station have any off-station researchers?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030210-->
::'''Asta:''' Almost never. Xianzhou's route is not fixed, so travel and communication would not be the easiest to manage.
::'''Asta:''' We would want nothing more than a researcher who proactively requests for off-station research.
::'''Asta:''' However, this Foxian Beauty Chat thing is really suspicious. I'm a little worried that he went there just like that.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This Foxian Beauty Chat is definitely questionable at best!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030213-->
::'''Asta:''' Isn't it!? Most people with common sense would immediately see how shady it is just from its name. But Researcher Wen is... not one of them.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202030208-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030208-->
:'''Asta:''' I've had a few conversations with him. Every time I mentioned the foxian beauty, his grin grows uncontrollably. But when I try to inquire further, he always dodged the questions and evaded the topic.
:'''Asta:''' I think it must be because of my position as the acting lead researcher that he felt reticent to talk about his love life. {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|I heard that these chat services operate on an invite-only membership basis. Maybe you can have a chat with him, and even better if you could get an invite.}}
:'''Asta:''' I want to ask you to investigate this Foxian Beauty Chat. Find out what is behind this service.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if they're legitimate?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030218-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Impossible! Well, I guess it isn't entirely impossible...
::'''Asta:''' If they're legit, I will consider talking to them about a collaboration. If they could handle someone like Wen Furui, our staff members' mental health could then be easily ensured.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will investigate.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030221-->
::'''Asta:''' I'll leave it all to you then. I feel more at ease knowing it's you handling it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're asking me to actively be the target of a scam.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030223-->
::'''Asta:''' Scammers just want money at the end of the day, don't they? My allowance should be able to cover for both you and Wen Furui. I will reimburse all your losses!
::'''Asta:''' For me, the most important thing is to protect the staff members' work and lives. This is something money can't buy.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202030220-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030220-->
:'''Asta:''' So I shall await your good news.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030302-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 202030304,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 202030339,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030304: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030304.json-->
:'''Asta:''' You haven't talked with {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Wen Furui}}?
:'''Asta:''' *sigh* As the acting lead researcher, it's inconvenient to bring up even the slightest thing, so I had to ask for your help.
:'''Asta:''' If we can get the Xianzhou Foxian Beauty Chat's {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|membership invitation link}}, we'll be able to have a deeper understanding of the situation.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030304-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 202030305,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 202030340,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030305: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030305.json-->
:'''Asta:''' What rapid development! Wen Furui asked you to bring gifts to Xianzhou and deliver them to the foxian beauty... That means, as long as we keep up with this, we'll be able to find the person directly.
:'''Asta:''' We won't even need the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|membership invitation link}} to find out what the hidden truth is. Looks like I chose the right person after all, (Trailblazer).
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Would we be encroaching on his privacy?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it ethically appropriate to do this?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030505-->
:'''Asta:''' It has to do with the safety of space station staff members' daily lives...
:'''Asta:''' Furthermore... we are not going to open up the gifts. We're just making sure that it is correctly delivered to the foxian beauty. How would there be any problem with that?
:'''Asta:''' Besides, didn't he promise to give you the invitation link after the item is delivered? That would be our plan B. I just meant that if it were up to me, I would choose to follow the clues first.
:'''Asta:''' However you choose to obtain the information is up to you. I'll be waiting for your good news right here either way.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030305-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 202030323,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 202030323,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030323: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030323.json-->
:'''Asta:''' Premium... membership? You're full of surprises, (Trailblazer). Picking you for the job was the right decision.
:'''Asta:''' What's the result of the investigation? Is this Foxian Beauty Chat really a secret online counseling chatroom, or is it a plain and simple interplanetary scam?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't get to talk deeply with the foxian beauty...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032304-->
::'''Asta:''' I didn't say you should be involved that way.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's pure scam...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032306-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Untrackable address... shady male? Uh huh, sorry you had to make the trip.
::'''Asta:''' How should I say it... My initial guess was proven right. But it would be very discouraging to Researcher Wen.
:'''Asta:''' Looks like we have to talk to this "foxian beauty."
:'''Asta:''' Bring out your phone, let's see what trick "she" is playing.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030323-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 202030325,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 202030325,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030325: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030325.json-->
:'''Asta:''' I&mdash;I'm blocked?
:'''Asta:''' How much did I transfer... Is that a lot for a scammer?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's not a lot.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032503-->
::'''Asta:''' I thought so.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} She might be suspecting I'm the scammer.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032505-->
::'''Asta:''' Good point. It might be difficult for regular people to believe a sum of money that large.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You scared her.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032507-->
::'''Asta:''' She's scared with only this much? What a doormat.
:'''Asta:''' Don't worry, with this amount of money, it will usually go through the IPC's currency safety account for safekeeping for a time before it's officially transferred.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202032510-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032510-->
:'''Asta:''' So now, the easy part. (Trailblazer), can you contact the Realm-Keeping Commission to file a report, launch an investigation, and retrieve the money?
:'''Asta:''' I will go chat with Wen Furui and talk some sense into him. I'll teach him about the rudimentary scamming technique that the Foxian Beauty Chat employs.
:'''Asta:''' Oh, look, someone else is contacting you.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030325-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 202030326,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 202030326,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030326: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030326.json-->
:'''Asta:''' Ah, the plot thickens.
:'''Asta:''' But, if she does have a manager, why would she use her own alias to contact you?
:'''Asta:''' Normally, when things like this happened, her manager would be on the ball to deal with hiccups like this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe she didn't tell her manager.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032604-->
::'''Asta:''' Not telling her manager isn't completely unbelievable, but why?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Her conscience, maybe?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032606-->
::'''Asta:''' Her conscience... telling her not to cheat you out of your money and trying to return your money to you without the higher-up knowing.
::'''Asta:''' What kindness.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe she's the manager herself.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032609-->
::'''Asta:''' Uh... didn't you say the manager was male?
::'''Asta:''' ...Wouldn't this be a little too cruel to Researcher Wen?
:'''Asta:''' Here's an idea. What if you go and meet up with the manager before meeting her? I think that might be safer. If you can find him, ask about her, and if you can't, just forget about it. It's not that big of a deal.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030326-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 202030348,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 202030348,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030348: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030348.json-->
:'''Asta:''' So it turns out the Foxian Beauty is neither foxian nor a beauty... I'm going to have to think of a way to break this news to Wen Furui.
:'''Asta:''' Can you ask that "Foxian Beauty" to record a video for Wen Furui, where she says "I don't think the two of us make a good pair, please forget me forever," or something to that effect?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's very thoughtful of you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202034803-->
::'''Asta:''' I'm afraid that if he finds out the truth, he'll be devastated beyond recovery.
::'''Asta:''' That researcher is a little soft on the inside. And we didn't do all of this investigating just so we could mock him for it, right?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's pretty brutal of you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202034806-->
::'''Asta:''' I think a message from the Foxian Beauty will do much more good than our talking and explaining.
::'''Asta:''' If you think it's brutal, maybe you can ask the Foxian Beauty to convey her sentiments more gently?
:'''Asta:''' Actually, there's no reason to trouble you with such a trivial errand. I'll handle this one myself.
:'''Asta:''' You know, maybe there is a foxian lady out there who would be a good match for him. Perhaps I should seriously consider transferring him to a post at Xianzhou.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It is ill-fated for a long-life species to be bonded with a short-life species.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202034811-->
::'''Asta:''' I have heard as much. But I think that's just an excuse people tell themselves.
::'''Asta:''' The way I see it, the love between two people isn't less valuable because life is short. After all, everything is short-lived compared to the universe.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are indeed a thoughtful Lead Researcher.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202034814-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, what else can I do? Watching out for my fellow researchers is part of the job.
::'''Asta:''' Anyway, I'm not the one who deserves the credit here.
:'''Asta:''' Thanks to you, we can consider this little saga over. Take this, it's what I promised you.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030348-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 202030350,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 202030350,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030350: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030350.json-->
:'''Asta:''' Now that I think about it, this "Daiqing" scammer had horrendous conversational skills. How did Wen Furui fall head over heels for someone of such low caliber?
:'''Asta:''' In the midst of the boundless cosmos, we meet and get to know so many people... *sigh*
:'''Asta:''' Ah! Her messages are so cringy! Can't believe that you managed to endure them to the end.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} After all I've been through, am I eligible for worker comp?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202035003-->
::'''Asta:''' I'll send in a worker compensation claim for you at the station for psychological trauma.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not such a great conversationalist myself...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202035005-->
::'''Asta:''' Oh come on! You play the "naive {{MC|f=girl|m=boy}}" part like a natural!
::'''Asta:''' Uh, you weren't pretending?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That would be nice.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202035007-->
::'''Asta:''' ...
::'''Asta:''' I see. I'll take it as a testament to the diversity of humankind.
:'''Asta:''' If you get cyber fraud messages, they'll use every trick in the book to get you to spend money as quickly as possible.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm afraid I might easily fall for such tricks.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202035012-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Wouldn't that be the perfect strategy though?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have always been vigilant about guarding myself against scammers.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202035014-->
::'''Asta:''' You'll need to turn off your anti-scam vigilance.
:'''Asta:''' I'm not a member of Xianzhou's Realm-Keeping Commission, so I'm not going to "prevent you from getting scammed." My goal is to uncover the true nature of the Foxian Beauty Chat and ensure that my fellow researchers have a healthy and safe working environment in Xianzhou.
:'''Asta:''' Not only do you have to get scammed, you have to get scammed badly enough for us to get closer to the truth. All the scammers want is money. My pocket change should be enough to reimburse you for your losses... more than enough, in fact.
:'''Asta:''' If the Foxian Beauty is just scamming people for money, then we should help Wen Furui let go of his delusions for good. You would agree, no?
:'''Asta:''' Oh, so she's contacting you.
:'''Asta:''' Remember, it's on my dime, so don't be coy about it.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030350-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 202030358,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 202030362,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030358: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030358.json-->
:'''Asta:''' Why are you still here?
:'''Asta:''' The Foxian Beauty has offered to meet with you. The truth is only one step away now, so you may as well accept the offer.
:'''Asta:''' Let me know if there are any new developments.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030358-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 100050103-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 100050103: Config/Level/Mission/1000501/Act/Act100050103.json-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 101 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 101 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), thank goodness you're all safe.
::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 102.ogg}} '''Asta:''' It's a pity that we haven't had the chance to talk much, and now the Express is about to leave. Do you have any questions?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100040349-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040349-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 100050124-->)
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is the damage to the space station serious?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040350-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Madam Herta gave me a piece of code, which she apparently wrote on the way here. I just tried it out and the defense shield's regenerating three times faster than before.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 104.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Thanks to her, the Antimatter Legion outside is not much of a threat anymore. The space station's repairs and reconstruction can also begin smoothly, but internally...
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 105.ogg}} '''Asta:''' When the Stellaron was extracted, even for that brief moment, it corroded the space station and formed a new space &mdash; what we now call the Fragmentum.
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 106.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The part that was corroded is irreversible, so the space station will always be in a state of quasi-Fragmentum.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the effects of the Fragmentum?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040355-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 107.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so there will be monsters that will enter the space station through its Fragmentum.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will I also be corroded by the Fragmentum?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040357-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 108.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Ahh, I'd like to know the answer to that as well.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 109.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so monsters will be able to enter the space station through the Fragmentum here. But it shouldn't allow anything to exit your body, so...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Make sure you don't burn yourself out.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040373-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' After all this is over, I'm putting my vacation time in with Madam Herta. I've got it all planned. I'll hop on an airship and give The Blue a good look.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can see it from the space station, you know?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040375-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 112.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Be that as it may, taking it in while on vacation and observing it during work are not the same thing.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will Madam Herta let you take a vacation?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040377-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I guess so? I haven't taken leave once since I joined the space station...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Herta says I can stay.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100050115-->
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: 100050124_talk-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 Ag1 asta 101.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Huh? Madam Herta said that?
::::{{A|VO chapter0 Ag1 asta 102 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 Ag1 asta 102 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' In that case... I have nothing against it either. Mind you, if Madam Herta was to do something to you, (Trailblazer)...
::::{{A|VO chapter0 Ag1 asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' She's not going to care a lot about what you think.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100040349_1-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040349_1-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is the damage to the space station serious?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040350_1-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Madam Herta gave me a piece of code, which she apparently wrote on the way here. I just tried it out and the defense shield's regenerating three times faster than before.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 104.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Thanks to her, the Antimatter Legion outside is not much of a threat anymore. The space station's repairs and reconstruction can also begin smoothly, but internally...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 105.ogg}} '''Asta:''' When the Stellaron was extracted, even for that brief moment, it corroded the space station and formed a new space &mdash; what we now call the Fragmentum.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 106.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The part that was corroded is irreversible, so the space station will always be in a state of quasi-Fragmentum.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the effects of the Fragmentum?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040355_1-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 107.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so there will be monsters that will enter the space station through its Fragmentum.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will I also be corroded by the Fragmentum?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040357_1-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 108.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Ahh, I'd like to know the answer to that as well.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 109.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so monsters will be able to enter the space station through the Fragmentum here. But it shouldn't allow anything to exit your body, so...
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Make sure you don't burn yourself out.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040373_1-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' After all this is over, I'm putting my vacation time in with Madam Herta. I've got it all planned. I'll hop on an airship and give The Blue a good look.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can see it from the space station, you know?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040375_1-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 112.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Be that as it may, taking it in while on vacation and observing it during work are not the same thing.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will Madam Herta let you take a vacation?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040377_1-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I guess so? I haven't taken leave once since I joined the space station...
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there really no way I can help?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040366_1-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' If you wanted to come back and help, of course, I wouldn't refuse you. Dan Heng helped inventory our rare items, March 7th said that she would help out as much as she can and connected over 50 wires in the electrical room. Everyone from the Express is so obliging...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And I think you're pretty good at "meddling" too, (Trailblazer).
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think things over.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040369-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Sure, no hurry.
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there really no way I can help?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040366-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' If you wanted to come back and help, of course, I wouldn't refuse you. Dan Heng helped inventory our rare items, March 7th said that she would help out as much as she can and connected over 50 wires in the electrical room. Everyone from the Express is so obliging...
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And I think you're pretty good at "meddling" too, (Trailblazer).
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think things over.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040369-->
::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Sure, no hurry.
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Started: 100050124-->)
::;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 100050125-->)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is the damage to the space station serious?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040350-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Madam Herta gave me a piece of code, which she apparently wrote on the way here. I just tried it out and the defense shield's regenerating three times faster than before.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 104.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Thanks to her, the Antimatter Legion outside is not much of a threat anymore. The space station's repairs and reconstruction can also begin smoothly, but internally...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 105.ogg}} '''Asta:''' When the Stellaron was extracted, even for that brief moment, it corroded the space station and formed a new space &mdash; what we now call the Fragmentum.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 106.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The part that was corroded is irreversible, so the space station will always be in a state of quasi-Fragmentum.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the effects of the Fragmentum?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040355-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 107.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so there will be monsters that will enter the space station through its Fragmentum.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will I also be corroded by the Fragmentum?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040357-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 108.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Ahh, I'd like to know the answer to that as well.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 109.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so monsters will be able to enter the space station through the Fragmentum here. But it shouldn't allow anything to exit your body, so...
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Make sure you don't burn yourself out.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040373-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' After all this is over, I'm putting my vacation time in with Madam Herta. I've got it all planned. I'll hop on an airship and give The Blue a good look.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can see it from the space station, you know?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040375-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 112.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Be that as it may, taking it in while on vacation and observing it during work are not the same thing.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will Madam Herta let you take a vacation?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040377-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I guess so? I haven't taken leave once since I joined the space station...
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there really no way I can help?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040366-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' If you wanted to come back and help, of course, I wouldn't refuse you. Dan Heng helped inventory our rare items, March 7th said that she would help out as much as she can and connected over 50 wires in the electrical room. Everyone from the Express is so obliging...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And I think you're pretty good at "meddling" too, (Trailblazer).
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think things over.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040369-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Sure, no hurry.
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 100050125-->)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is the damage to the space station serious?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040350-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Madam Herta gave me a piece of code, which she apparently wrote on the way here. I just tried it out and the defense shield's regenerating three times faster than before.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 104.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Thanks to her, the Antimatter Legion outside is not much of a threat anymore. The space station's repairs and reconstruction can also begin smoothly, but internally...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 105.ogg}} '''Asta:''' When the Stellaron was extracted, even for that brief moment, it corroded the space station and formed a new space &mdash; what we now call the Fragmentum.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 106.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The part that was corroded is irreversible, so the space station will always be in a state of quasi-Fragmentum.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the effects of the Fragmentum?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040355-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 107.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so there will be monsters that will enter the space station through its Fragmentum.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will I also be corroded by the Fragmentum?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040357-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 108.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Ahh, I'd like to know the answer to that as well.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 109.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so monsters will be able to enter the space station through the Fragmentum here. But it shouldn't allow anything to exit your body, so...
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Make sure you don't burn yourself out.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040373-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' After all this is over, I'm putting my vacation time in with Madam Herta. I've got it all planned. I'll hop on an airship and give The Blue a good look.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can see it from the space station, you know?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040375-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 112.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Be that as it may, taking it in while on vacation and observing it during work are not the same thing.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will Madam Herta let you take a vacation?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040377-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I guess so? I haven't taken leave once since I joined the space station...
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can I stay at the space station?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040361-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 116.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I like you, but... you have a Stellaron in your body.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 117.ogg}} '''Asta:''' If you were just wandering around, or if you agreed to be sealed away in an experiment pod, that would be fine.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 118.ogg}} '''Asta:''' But if you're going to work in the space station long-term, the Stellaron may have some serious effects on the station's Fragmentum. As the lead researcher, that's a risk I cannot take.
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 119.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I can sense your enthusiasm for the space station, but I'm afraid I have to turn you away.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100040349_1-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040349_1-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is the damage to the space station serious?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040350_1-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Madam Herta gave me a piece of code, which she apparently wrote on the way here. I just tried it out and the defense shield's regenerating three times faster than before.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 104.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Thanks to her, the Antimatter Legion outside is not much of a threat anymore. The space station's repairs and reconstruction can also begin smoothly, but internally...
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 105.ogg}} '''Asta:''' When the Stellaron was extracted, even for that brief moment, it corroded the space station and formed a new space &mdash; what we now call the Fragmentum.
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 106.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The part that was corroded is irreversible, so the space station will always be in a state of quasi-Fragmentum.
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are the effects of the Fragmentum?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040355_1-->
:::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 107.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so there will be monsters that will enter the space station through its Fragmentum.
:::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will I also be corroded by the Fragmentum?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040357_1-->
:::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 108.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Ahh, I'd like to know the answer to that as well.
:::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 109.ogg}} '''Asta:''' All existing Fragmentums are connected, so monsters will be able to enter the space station through the Fragmentum here. But it shouldn't allow anything to exit your body, so...
:::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 110.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Make sure you don't burn yourself out.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040373_1-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' After all this is over, I'm putting my vacation time in with Madam Herta. I've got it all planned. I'll hop on an airship and give The Blue a good look.
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can see it from the space station, you know?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040375_1-->
:::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 112.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Be that as it may, taking it in while on vacation and observing it during work are not the same thing.
:::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
:::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will Madam Herta let you take a vacation?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040377_1-->
:::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I guess so? I haven't taken leave once since I joined the space station...
:::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
:::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby &mdash; there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there really no way I can help?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040366_1-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' If you wanted to come back and help, of course, I wouldn't refuse you. Dan Heng helped inventory our rare items, March 7th said that she would help out as much as she can and connected over 50 wires in the electrical room. Everyone from the Express is so obliging...
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And I think you're pretty good at "meddling" too, (Trailblazer).
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think things over.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040369-->
::::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Sure, no hurry.
::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there really no way I can help?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040366-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' If you wanted to come back and help, of course, I wouldn't refuse you. Dan Heng helped inventory our rare items, March 7th said that she would help out as much as she can and connected over 50 wires in the electrical room. Everyone from the Express is so obliging...
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 121 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And I think you're pretty good at "meddling" too, (Trailblazer).
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think things over.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100040369-->
:::::{{A|VO chapter0 6 asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Sure, no hurry.
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 100030114--> or {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 100030103-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 100030114: Config/Level/Mission/1000301/Act/Act100030114.json-->
::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 112 m.ogg}} {{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 112 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Hello, you must be... (Trailblazer), right? How can I help you?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_100021116-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100021116-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to learn about the space station.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100021117-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' This is Herta Space Station. As you might tell from its name, it belongs to the distinguished Madam Herta herself.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Herta Space Station was originally built as a warehouse for rare items and relics, but Madam Herta also allowed her followers to oversee tasks and conduct research. It then gradually turned into a scientific research base.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The storage zone you passed through contains all our inventory, and is the main research center.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 116.ogg}} '''Asta:''' The master control zone where we are now is the control center of the whole space station.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 117.ogg}} '''Asta:''' It is said that the space station also contains Madam Herta's private chamber where her most precious, rare, and dangerous collections are sealed... And for someone like her, it's not out of the realm of possibility.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 118.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Even from me, the lead researcher, there are many things she keeps secret.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to learn about you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100021124-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 119.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I'm lead researcher of Herta Space Station. But honestly... I'm more like Madam Herta's "housekeeper" of this place.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Madam Herta is a genius, but managing disparate staff, tactfully representing the space station before the Intelligentsia Guild... these are all things beyond her abilities. But as it turns out they are my forte.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 121.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Hehe, scholars are a lot easier to deal with than those vociferous old geezers back at home.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' No matter how much they drone on about "Astronomy is just about looking at things, it doesn't bring any real value," they all fall silent in front of Madam Herta.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 123.ogg}} '''Asta:''' No matter the problem, you just needed to say that it was Madam Herta's wishes and all would be fine. After all, Herta herself is a symbol of wisdom.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 124.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Hey, thanks to her, I can count the stars to sleep. Otherwise, I would've had to take over the family fortune. Just thinking about it terrifies me.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to learn about Arlan.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100021131-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 125.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Arlan went to dress his wounds at the rest area. He knows himself well... but if he insists on pushing his limits, I'll give him a good earful.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 126.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I'm very upset he didn't obey my orders and insisted on searching the storage zone even though everyone had already evacuated.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 127.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I know he didn't want to leave any researchers behind... The Security Department is more than just a job to him.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 128.ogg}} '''Asta:''' But Arlan doesn't care about getting hurt, he only cares about protecting others. It's the only way he feels... fulfilled.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 129.ogg}} '''Asta:''' And it's not that I don't understand where he's coming from. I just want him to look out for himself, too!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I'd like to learn about Herta.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100021137-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 130.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Herta... she's a member of the Genius Society. One of the proud favorites of the Aeon of Erudition. Ever since the birth of {{Rubi|Nous|Aeon of Erudition}}, there have only been 84 people admitted into the Genius Society.
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 131.ogg}} '''Asta:''' That is why Madam Herta is extremely... headstrong... She only pursues what interests her and as soon as that interest is lost, she abandons it and moves on. The space station was one such abandoned interest...
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 132.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Anyway, I lent out one of her manuscripts as a resource reference not long ago. It should still be in the master control zone. You can take a look if you wish.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_100021141-->
:::{{A|VO chapter0 3 asta 133.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Huh, chatting with you seems to have lightened my mood. It seems like talking can really raise one's spirits.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010823-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 200010821: Config/Level/Mission/2000108/Act/Act200010821.json-->
::----
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081401-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081401-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081401-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081401-->
::'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: 2000108_TalkEnd-->
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010824-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 200010818: Config/Level/Mission/2000108/Act/Act200010818.json-->
::----
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081401-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081401-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081401-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081401-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081401-->
::'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_380-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_380-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_380-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_380-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I couldn't catch them...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I couldn't catch them...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I couldn't catch them...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
:::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
:::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: 2000108_TalkEnd-->
;(Otherwise)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500002201: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500002201.json-->
::'''Asta:''' It's you! Thanks for helping out on the station.
::'''Asta:''' Did you encounter some problems?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 100050103-->)
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 100030114--> or {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 100030103-->)
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010823-->)
;(Otherwise, if {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010824-->)
;(Otherwise)
::<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010801-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Are you all right?
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200010801: Config/Level/Mission/2000108/Act/Act200010801.json-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201080101-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080101-->
:::'''Asta:''' The Legion is gone, and the Curios are back. Various departments are returning to their research, and the newly imported goods from the cosmos are beginning to circulate.
:::'''Asta:''' Everything is going smoothly with Project Revival. So what exactly does this letter mean?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010801_8-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010801_8-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I heard you are looking for me?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080104-->
:::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), you're back. Just in time!
:::'''Asta:''' Thanks to your help and everybody's hard work, the space station is pretty much back on its feet.
:::'''Asta:''' As a conclusion to Project Revival, I wanted to summon you to witness the fruits of our labor.
:::'''Asta:''' But just two days ago, I received a strange letter. Now that you're here, perhaps you can help me figure out what it is about.
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"IsDynamic": false,
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 190167
		}
	}
}</pre>
:::'''Asta:''' I often hear the researchers praise you for your resourcefulness and good judgment. What do you think? Any clue what this message is about?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010801_16-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010801_16-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} It seems like something from the Department of Implement Arts.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080110-->
::::'''Asta:''' Yes, only the researcher called Wen in the Department of Implement Arts would speak like that.
::::'''Asta:''' However, it was a strange story how I got hold of this letter at the beginning. It was sandwiched in a tome called ''A Guide to Astral Realm Species'' on the Conference Room table. Normally, no one looks at it except me.
::::'''Asta:''' Obviously, someone wanted to hand me this letter in private, so I didn't dare to ask the staff in the Department of Implement Arts.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who is this Cryptologist From Locus Silentii?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080114-->
::::'''Asta:''' As far as I know, there is no one with this title in the space station. It must be an alias.
::::'''Asta:''' But the identity of the writer is not what I am most concerned about.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Spirit sounds particularly familiar.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080117-->
::::'''Asta:''' Spirit... Spirit... Can it be... The Xenohydro? Well done, (Trailblazer)! You just found the "key" to the text right away. Now everything makes sense!
::::'''Asta:''' It seems this is no ordinary letter, it's from an informant. Their intention is to report on the Xenohydro.
::::'''Asta:''' The Xenohydro has disappeared from the space station since it escaped from Mr. Wen Mingde's hands.
::::'''Asta:''' This letter seems to support the rumor that the Xenohydro was not caught because it has an accomplice.
::::'''Asta:''' Look at this sentence. "An inquiry into spirit traces, a glance into the site of storage" is obviously leading us to investigate the Xenohydro's range of activities, and "to be an accomplice" implies the existence of an accomplice.
::::'''Asta:''' As for the other six sentences, in my opinion, some depict the portrait of the accomplice and some describe the real hiding place of the Xenohydro. Unfortunately, I have no idea how to interpret the rest of the message.
::::'''Asta:''' Now that we are done with other work, this letter falls into our hands at just the right moment. It's high time we put the Xenohydro issue back on the table. (Trailblazer), what do you think?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010801_33-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010801_33-->
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am with you all the way!
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080124-->
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have a lot going on lately...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201080126-->
:::::'''Asta:''' Please, (Trailblazer). I hope you won't refuse. After all&mdash;
::::'''Asta:''' Considering there may be a traitor among us, if I hand this case to our staff, we might alert the culprit. And (Trailblazer), you're not a staff member, and you've also met the Xenohydro before. You really are the ideal candidate to handle this case.
::::'''Asta:''' And if there is an accomplice involved, this matter is no longer a simple case of Curio retrieval. It must be handled with caution. Therefore, I would like to ask you to go to the Storage Zone mentioned in the letter and verify the facts.
::::'''Asta:''' If we can catch either the Xenohydro or the accomplice, we'll be able to interrogate them. Then I can judge whether the accomplice's motive is malicious or not.
::::'''Asta:''' At this critical juncture, it is up to us to finally finish Project Revival.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200010801-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010823--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010801-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Spirit Traces
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 200010821: Config/Level/Mission/2000108/Act/Act200010821.json-->
:::----
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081401-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081401-->
:::'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
:::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
:::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
:::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
:::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
:::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
:::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
:::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
:::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
:::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
:::----
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
::::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
::::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
::::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
:::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
:::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
:::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
:::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
:::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
:::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
:::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: 2000108_TalkEnd-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010824-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010823-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010801-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I saw a Xenohydro.
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceD 200010821: Config/Level/Mission/2000108/Act/Act200010821.json-->
:::----
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081401-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081401-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081401-->
:::'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
:::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
:::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
:::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
:::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
:::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
:::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
:::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
:::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
:::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
:::----
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
::::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
::::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
::::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
:::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
:::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
:::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
:::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
:::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
:::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
:::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::'''Asta:''' You're back. Did you conclude the matter?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_377-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I got the Xenohydro back...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081404-->
:::'''Asta:''' Well, don't worry, the Xenohydro is of secondary importance... Is that Lamina standing with Capote over there?
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081405-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081405-->
:::'''Angry Master Capote Fan:''' You fraud. You trampled on our sincerity.
:::'''Heartbroken Master Capote Fan:''' Oh, Master Capote used to be so perfect, and now he is just another deceitful celebrity...
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' Master Capote! I can't believe you eat mayonnaise. That's disgusting! Give me back the gifts I gave you!
:::'''Capote:''' Lamina, why did you invite all these people?
:::'''Lamina:''' I didn't invite them here. I just told them the fact that I was the one who replied to all your fans.
:::'''Capote:''' Everybody calm down, let me explain later... Lamina, you don't want the benefits I give you at all anymore, do you?
:::'''Lamina:''' That's right, I don't want any of it. From now on, I won't help you cook, wash your clothes and shoes, write your letters, or be your puppet. Get it?
:::'''Lamina:''' If you want to find me, remember to ask my secretary Mr. Nonexistent for a number.
:::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), what do you think of this?
:::----
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ActiveVirtualCamera",
	"AreaName": "MainMission_1000101",
	"AnchorName": "Camera_1000101_02",
	"IsActive": false,
	"BlendConfig": {
		"ExportToJson": true,
		"BlendType": "Cut"
	}
}</pre>
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_393-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know what they are arguing about.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081415-->
::::'''Asta:''' I didn't think you can be so tight-lipped, but now, we should be honest and clear this up.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She'll be able to look after herself.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081417-->
::::'''Asta:''' Yes, thanks to your mediation. Not only did you ensure her safety, but also encouraged her to change.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem to know the back story.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081419-->
::::'''Asta:''' I thought I was careful, but you still noticed.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201081420-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081420-->
:::'''Asta:''' ...Oops, "Like the risk of falling into the depths when trying to mount the sky." I didn't use any rhymes or enough alliteration for this line. It's still not good enough.
:::'''Asta:''' Hehe, to tell you the truth, the Cryptologist From Locus Silentii is none other than yours truly. This letter took me more than ten days to write, and I asked Mr. Wen for advice. It wasn't easy.
:::'''Asta:''' After I wrote it, I couldn't find the right person to get it delivered. Fortunately, the Xenohydro is just a prankster, and there's no rush to retrieve it.
:::'''Asta:''' Then you appeared, (Trailblazer). And you turned out to be the best candidate. So I came up with the idea to let you and Lamina share some experiences together, see where it takes you.
:::'''Asta:''' But now you should also understand that Lamina is actually a kindhearted girl and she deserves another chance.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2010814_406-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are also very kind.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She is bound to turn over a new leaf.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why go around this massive circle?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201081428-->
:::'''Asta:''' Well, now that my objective has been achieved, I announce the Xenohydro case is officially over. Here is your reward. Thanks for all your help.
:::'''Asta:''' Please come back to the space station more in the future. Don't forget, there are a lot of people who've received your help here, and many traces of your hard work throughout the place.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: 2000108_TalkEnd-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030101-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I heard you are looking for me?
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030101: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030101.json-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030103-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030103-->
:::'''Asta:''' Yeah. I want you to investigate the source of the memetic virus that infected the Crackup Conch.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000301_11-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000301_11-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Crackup Conch?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030105-->
::::'''Asta:''' It's one of our Curios. It looks like an ordinary conch, but when you get close, you can hear the dirty jokes coming from the inside.
::::'''Asta:''' As long as you hold your laughter, you can slowly obtain the secret power it contains. Of course, no one has succeeded so far, so we only use it on people in interrogations.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} "Memetic virus?"
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030108-->
::::'''Asta:''' It is a kind of information particle that spreads around exponentially like a virus, which will bring changes and contamination to the host's nature of thinking.
::::'''Asta:''' Unfortunately, it can infect inanimate objects, and thus it changed the Crackup Conch's external expression &mdash; it no longer tells jokes, but instead, it keeps talking weird nonsense.
::::'''Asta:''' Like "Get out of your comfort zone, or you'll be wasted," or "The pain you suffer will light up your way"... cliché quotes that just make people cringe.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you for the explanation. I got the gist.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030112-->
::::'''Asta:''' I had someone examine it and found that it was caused by the memetic virus. But the Crackup Conch has been properly stored all this time, which means it's impossible for it to get infected on its own.
::::'''Asta:''' The only possibility is that workers who were already infected passed on the virus when they came into contact with the item. After I looked into the list of people who had recent contact with it, I identified three suspects.
::::'''Asta:''' Well, I'm sure you already know what I'm about to say next. I want you to investigate these three suspects for me.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000301_24-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000301_24-->
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why me...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030116-->
:::::'''Asta:''' Hehe, with great power comes great responsibility. Besides, I'm not just trying to take advantage of you. I sent people from the Security Department earlier, but they all failed.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is the Security Department here just for show?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030118-->
:::::'''Asta:''' I arranged for them to investigate as soon as I identified the list of suspects. But they all found nothing unusual.
:::::'''Asta:''' Since these suspects have spent a fair bit of time in the space station, they are pretty familiar with the Security Department. They might have gotten away with their possible misconduct.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030120-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030120-->
::::'''Asta:''' I, therefore, could not get any useful investigation results. That's why I need to ask you for a favor &mdash; you don't know them very well. It may be easier for you to spot their flaws from a stranger's perspective.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000301_32-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000301_32-->
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if they find out?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030122-->
:::::'''Asta:''' Don't worry, you are a hero who has saved the space station. No one will suspect you.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sounds reasonable...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030124-->
:::::'''Asta:''' It is!
:::::'''Asta:''' And it is not rocket science. You just need to walk up to them and listen, then see if there are any unusual behaviors.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030126-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030126-->
::::'''Asta:''' If you find anything weird, just write it down and report it to me. So, what do you think?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000301_40-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000301_40-->
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem. I'll take care of it.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030128-->
:::::'''Asta:''' That's great. I'm so relieved that you're willing to help. I will reward you fairly. Let me think...
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can help, but are there any rewards...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030130-->
:::::'''Asta:''' Don't worry. Do you have anything in mind already? I heard the starnought fleet has been very popular recently. But that thing is huge. I don't think you'll like it...
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030131-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030131-->
::::'''Asta:''' Well... I don't know your taste. Why don't I pay for everything in your shopping cart out of my own pocket? You are free to choose whatever you like.
::::'''Asta:''' Well, let me tell you about the three suspects &mdash; Mare from the Department of Insight, Chris from the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, and Joanne from the Medical Department.
::::'''Asta:''' They usually stay in their own cabins. Given the station's current situation, I don't think they'll be anywhere else... So, please help me take care of this.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::----
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::----
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030101-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030108--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030101-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} (Tell her your observation and your thoughts.)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030108: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030108.json-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030503-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030503-->
:::'''Asta:''' So, all three of them sound unusual. But in theory, there should only be one person who is infected.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030508-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030508-->
:::'''Asta:''' The principle behind it is actually quite simple. The viral load of informational particles left behind by the memetic virus in the Crackup Conch is simply not high enough.
:::'''Asta:''' The viral load detected barely reaches the amount that can be carried by an infected adult. So it's absolutely impossible for the Crackup Conch to have contracted the virus from multiple individuals.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_133-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_133-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But my investigation couldn't corroborate this...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030511-->
::::'''Asta:''' It's okay. I've got a backup plan.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, what next?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030513-->
::::'''Asta:''' Hehe, I've got a backup plan.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030514-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030514-->
:::'''Asta:''' The memetic virus is transmitted through virtual data. And all the virtual data in the space station leave traces in the terminal.
:::'''Asta:''' Since we couldn't get much from our previous investigation, let's check the browsing records of the three suspects. Then we should be able to identify the source of the infection.
:::'''Asta:''' Hehe, I've got an emergency plan for situations like this. Please visit the Data Exchange Center &mdash; where the terminal is located.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_142-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_142-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I've never used a terminal...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030518-->
::::'''Asta:''' Don't worry. It's simple. Enter the terminal room, verify your identity, and you can start your query.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't you go yourself?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030520-->
::::'''Asta:''' *sigh* I have my own reasons. It's a long story.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030521-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030521-->
:::'''Asta:''' Simply put, anyone using any data gadget, which basically includes everyone on the space station, would have their user behaviors recorded by the terminal. It is thus inappropriate for me or any other staff member to check such information.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_149-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_149-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Um, I still don't get it.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030523-->
::::'''Asta:''' Don't worry. I'll explain to you when I have time.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I know. You are just looking for excuses to slack off.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030525-->
::::'''Asta:''' It's not like that. I would have gone if I could.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030526-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030526-->
:::'''Asta:''' Think about it. Despite different backgrounds and identities, people on the space station have reached an agreement on personal privacy.
:::'''Asta:''' The traces left from using virtual data can be found on the terminal. For example, from here people can see all the unusual virtual platforms you visited during your working hours.
:::'''Asta:''' Therefore, to respect everyone's privacy, no one, including myself and the other staff, should access the terminal.
:::'''Asta:''' Think about it in their shoes, if you are space station staff, would you be happy with me going through your browsing records on the virtual network?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_159-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_159-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd rather die...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's unacceptable.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030532-->
:::'''Asta:''' Now you understand, right? That's why your special identity makes you the perfect candidate for this!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_164-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_164-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why? I don't understand.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030534-->
::::'''Asta:''' Let me start with your heroic deeds and your special identity.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, you just want me to get beaten up?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030536-->
::::'''Asta:''' Jeez, is this the kind of nonsense you think about all day? I have nothing against you. Why would I set you up?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030537-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030537-->
:::'''Asta:''' From an objective point of view, you are an outsider on the space station. You are not familiar with most people here, so it's unlikely that you hold any personal grudge against anyone.
:::'''Asta:''' Not every outsider has the right to access the data records. But you are different. You are the hero who saved the space station. People trust your moral character.
:::'''Asta:''' But of course, if you do decide to help, I hope you will keep everything you see strictly confidential.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_173-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_173-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem. My lips are sealed.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030541-->
::::'''Asta:''' Anyway, keep it all a secret while you're still in the space station. As for where you go or what you do in the future, it's none of my business.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Piece of cake. Just leave it to me.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030543-->
::::'''Asta:''' Thank you so much!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030544-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030544-->
:::'''Asta:''' Before you leave, let me tell you how to use the terminal.
:::'''Asta:''' As you know, the invasion of the station severely damaged the whole data center. And the server room where the terminal is housed is no exception.
:::'''Asta:''' Despite our best efforts, the damage is yet to be fully remediated. And reported cases of memetic virus infection only made things worse. I had to send a maintenance engineer to monitor the situation on a daily basis.
:::'''Asta:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|The engineer would turn on the optical identity verification program manually every day}} to check whether the bioelectricity of each visitor entering the room is normal, thus ensuring that the terminal room is not invaded.
:::'''Asta:''' Since the optical identity verification program is {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|refreshed dynamically after it is turned on every day, you need to re-verify your identity every time you enter.}}
:::'''Asta:''' For more details, please {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|consult the maintenance engineer}}. I've told the engineer that you have permission to enter the room.
:::'''Asta:''' So... I will leave the rest to you!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::----
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::----
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030108-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030405-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030108-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030101-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I've gone through all the data records.
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200030405: Config/Level/Mission/2000301/Act/Act200030405.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' Great. I heard from the maintenance engineer that, due to incomplete recovery from the previous invasion, the terminal's computing power had been hindering your progress.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031103-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031103-->
:::'''Asta:''' So I didn't expect you to finish the investigation so soon. Thank you for your hard work. So what's the conclusion?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000311_293-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_293-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Tell her your observation and your analysis.)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031105-->
:::'''Asta:''' Haha, I see. I did have a suspicion that Joanne was the one who got infected. But I didn't have any substantial evidence.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000311_297-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_297-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How did you know it was her?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031107-->
::::'''Asta:''' Simple. Out of the three of them, she is the only one who exhibited speech patterns similar to those of the Crackup Conch after its infection.
::::'''Asta:''' I've always found it rather suspicious that she, a person who dozes off all the time, would have such a drastic change of personality and would quit all her habits and hobbies out of nowhere.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you ever suspected the other two?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031110-->
::::'''Asta:''' Their behaviors may seem strange to you, but to me, they are extremely normal.
::::'''Asta:''' Let's start with Mare. Getting distracted at work is such a common occurrence for all humans. It sometimes happens to me, even when I'm working in my favorite field of research.
::::'''Asta:''' Then there's Chris. He is said to be a good student from a poor family. And compared with the other researchers, he's still fairly new here on the space station. So it's normal that he would experience discomfort after a lengthy space flight.
::::'''Asta:''' What surprised me was the severity of his discomfort. So I've already sent for a doctor to check on him.
:::'''Asta:''' Anyway, the overall result is as expected. Next, we should weed out Joanne's virus and get her "back on track" to her old self.
:::'''Asta:''' Thank you for your hard work on finding such substantial evidence, so&mdash;
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000311_309-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_309-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hold on, I have a few questions.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031117-->
::::'''Asta:''' Oh? Go ahead. I'll answer all your questions if I know the answers.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I still don't get it...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031119-->
::::'''Asta:''' Huh?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031120-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031120-->
:::'''Asta:''' Is there anything else I need to clarify?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000311_316-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_316-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Isn't it a good thing to keep Joanne this way?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031122-->
::::'''Asta:''' ...That was a dangerous thought. Of course not. Joanne is a living human being. You shouldn't think like that.
::::'''Asta:''' Although we come from different cultural backgrounds, some of the most basic rights and interests are recognized by all of us as the common bottom line and must not be deprived.
::::'''Asta:''' Besides, based on my personal experience, you'll never get great results in any field of research unless you are passionate about it.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} How did you guess correctly that Joanne was the one?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031126-->
::::'''Asta:''' Guess? I didn't "guess." To some extent, it was just simple psychology.
::::'''Asta:''' Joanne completely wiped out her personal life, which is very unusual. Think about this simple analogy. People's capacity for work is limited, just like how a balloon can only hold a finite amount of air...
::::'''Asta:''' When they don't get enough rest or fulfillment, people will just be like a balloon being unceasingly inflated, which will inevitably blow up if there's no chance for an air release.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Aren't you worried about the other two?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031130-->
::::'''Asta:''' Worried about what? Do you mean how their research at the space station will be affected? I don't think there's any problem except that Chris might need some psychological counseling from a doctor.
::::'''Asta:''' People have the freedom to do whatever they want in their own lives, as long as they don't undermine the security of the space station or violate the regulations.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't have any more questions.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031133-->
::::'''Asta:''' Well, I do get your point to some extent. It might seem productive, at least in the short term, to just disregard people's safety concerns and force them into nonstop work. But in the real world, such practices will only spell disaster.
::::'''Asta:''' The station is built in space, far away from any land surface. Not everyone can adapt to life here. This will become clear after a while.
::::'''Asta:''' Despite our top-notch equipment and resources, some people still find it unbearable to live on the station after staying here for a long time.
::::'''Asta:''' In that case, letting people develop their own hobbies improves everyone's mental health, especially when they have been away from land for an extended period of time. This is the best way to improve overall productivity.
::::'''Asta:''' After all, we are born to be humans, not plants or rocks that do not have emotions. How could we still call ourselves humans if we were to throw away our hobbies and emotions?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000311_335-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_335-->
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I don't seem to have any hobbies...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031139-->
:::::'''Asta:''' Well, I do know a little about your situation. It's alright. You still have a long way to go. You'll eventually find your hobbies and your own way of life.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That makes sense.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031141-->
:::::'''Asta:''' Of course it does. This is also my life experience. Having fun in life is all about investing in things that you find interesting.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031142-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031142-->
::::'''Asta:''' Well, you still have a long way ahead of you. When you are out there exploring, remember &mdash; no matter what, don't just throw away your hobbies and your emotions.
::::'''Asta:''' Oh right, by the way, I almost forgot one thing.
::::'''Asta:''' I know paper records will be printed out at the terminal. Keep those records to yourself. Don't let the information leak out in the space station. Promise me, or I'll take back the reward.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000311_344-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_344-->
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry, they will never leak out.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031146-->
::::'''Asta:''' Well, anyway, thank you so much. This is the reward for you. I made this myself.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031147-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031147-->
::::'''Asta:''' Ehem, if you don't like it, I can take you to buy the starnought fleet when the latest version comes out. It's very popular among young people these days.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::----
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::----
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030405-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 800010402-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Did you know the monitoring room has become an arcade...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 800010402: Config/Level/Mission/8000104/Act/Act800010402.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' Shh&mdash; I already know about that. The first person Leonard messaged was me.
:::'''Asta:''' But now that the space station is under maintenance, I don't want to add any undue stress to staff who aren't involved. So let's not spread this news yet, okay? Let's keep things hush-hush, alright?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091205-->
::::'''Asta:''' Thank you, (Trailblazer). I knew you'd understand!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not alright.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091207-->
::::'''Asta:''' Mmm, alright, (Trailblazer) is an adamant person... That's okay. I'll just talk to everyone who knows about this one-on-one.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_800091208-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_800091208-->
:::'''Asta:''' As for Leonard... Just trust him. Since the breach, he's been living in his terminal room and was hardly taking breaks. The Calliwells are all like that.
:::'''Asta:''' I trust he can handle this properly. The Maintenance Department is keeping a close eye on this one. If you're still worried about him, then give him more support.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_800010249-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200021102-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} What's up?
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200021102: Config/Level/Mission/2000211/Act/Act200021102.json-->
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 101.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Finally, you're here. This is urgent, so I'll cut to the chase &mdash; Arlan's disappeared.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Disappeared?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031303-->
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 102.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Yes, I can't find him. He's not answering his messages or calls.
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 103.ogg}} '''Asta:''' In all the time since I took him in, this has never happened.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Have you checked the surveillance cameras?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031306-->
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 104.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Of course! I didn't see him...
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 105.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Parts of the surveillance system were destroyed when the Legion invaded &mdash; it still hasn't been fully repaired. Maybe he took advantage of a blind spot.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031308-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031308-->
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 106.ogg}} '''Asta:''' It's been thirteen hours since he last contacted me. He usually takes less than 13 seconds to reply to my messages!
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 107.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I looked everywhere and couldn't find him, so I checked the Security Department's work plan records. This is what I found!
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 108.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Look, at his last work objectives entry: "Of the heart. Of the mirror. Of the self." It's so strange...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_200021102_21-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_200021102_21-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The entries for last week are pretty odd too.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031312-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 109.ogg}} '''Asta:''' ...Ahaha, d&mdash;don't worry about those.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure is.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031314-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 110 m.ogg}} {{A|VO Side0 al asta 110 f.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I knew it. (Trailblazer), you think so too, right?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I think guys his age do tend to write like this.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031316-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 111.ogg}} '''Asta:''' ...B&mdash;But he's never written poetry before!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031317-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031317-->
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 112.ogg}} '''Asta:''' *sigh* I asked people in the Security Department, but none of them thought it was concerning. They said stuff like:
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 113.ogg}} '''Asta:''' "Brother Arlan is a grown man with his own plans!"
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 114.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I couldn't get them to listen at all, so I'm asking you for help.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_200021102_32-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_200021102_32-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You don't have any clues, how can I&mdash;
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031321-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 115.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I have a secret weapon! Say hello to...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Guys his age just need "alone time" sometimes!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031323-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 116.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Why are you acting like those Security Department idiots!? Stop fooling around and help me!
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 117.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I have a secret weapon! Say hello to...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031325-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031325-->
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 118.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Peppy!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_200021102_40-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_200021102_40-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Peppy?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031327-->
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 119.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Mm-hmm, Peppy's my dog &mdash; Arlan's looked after him since he was a puppy. They're great friends.
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 120.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Peppy knows Arlan's scent &mdash; maybe he can track him down.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then... am I still needed?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031330-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 121.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Y&mdash;Yes! Think about it &mdash; if people see me, the acting lead researcher, searching for Arlan...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Then get Peppy to find Arlan.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031332-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 122.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Peppy can't go alone. What if he gets lost too? And I can't go with him &mdash; if people see me, the acting lead researcher, searching for Arlan...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200031334-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031334-->
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 123.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Wouldn't that... Wouldn't that make Arlan look incompetent as head of the Security Department?
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 124.ogg}} '''Asta:''' ...Let's go together! Relax &mdash; Peppy doesn't bite.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: 200021102_Talk-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200021113--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200021102-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} We've got plenty of clues...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200021113: Config/Level/Mission/2000211/Act/Act200021113.json-->
:::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 132.ogg}} '''Asta:''' *sigh* What happened to you, Arlan? Why did you have to get that sleazy Capote to help you with a trial?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's look at these materials first.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031574-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 133.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Yeah, I guess that's our starting point.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That Capote does have something about him...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031576-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 134.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I heard he's good at rallying people to his cause... Ugh, never mind, let's stay on track and find some clues.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_200021111_247-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_200021111_247-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Read the fan reply card.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031578-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 135.ogg}} '''Asta:''' This handwriting looks familiar... Is it Arlan's...?
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 136.ogg}} '''Asta:''' "Against the scorching sun, a beautiful flower will never endure. Within my fair embrace, my love for you is tender and pure."
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 137.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Yuck, so slimy... it does sound like Capote.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Look at the limited-edition snapshot.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031582-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 138.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Looks like a candid shot... but surely he knew it was being taken &mdash; it's autographed.
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 139.ogg}} '''Asta:''' There's a figure that's not quite in the shot. Is that... Arlan!?
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 140.ogg}} '''Asta:''' So Arlan did go to see Professor Capote. This is the evidence.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Read Master Capote's Life Wiki version 12.0.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031586-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 141.ogg}} '''Asta:''' ...Even the space station handbook doesn't get updated this frequently.
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 142.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Is this... an audio transcript?
:::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowReading",
	"BookID": {
		"IsDynamic": false,
		"FixedValue": {
			"Value": 190301
		}
	}
}</pre>
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We have enough clues.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031597-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 143.ogg}} '''Asta:''' So... the trial of the heart means knowing how to deal with an overbearing boss.
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 144.ogg}} '''Asta:''' So that's... how Arlan sees me...
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_200021111_271-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_200021111_271-->
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe it isn't about you.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't be too hard on yourself.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200031601-->
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 145.ogg}} '''Asta:''' I need to talk to him &mdash; let's hurry up and find him.
::::{{A|VO Side0 al asta 146.ogg}} '''Asta:''' Peppy, it's your turn again.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::----
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::----
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: 200021113_Talk-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 201150112-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Is this the Home-Use Object Finder that you ordered?
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 201150112: Config/Level/Mission/2011501/Act/Act201150112.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' Huh? This is... exactly like what I saw on the official website. Only this one is a bit dirty.
:::'''Asta:''' Wait a minute. This finder is a different model from the one I ordered. It looks like an obsolete model from a long time ago...
:::'''Asta:''' How did you come by something like this? What happened?
:::{{Black Screen|Telling Asta about Findie's origin and the story of a certain indefatigable salesperson...}}
:::'''Asta:''' Now, now. Don't cry... Interastral Peace Appliances' customer service is all about crazy marketing. They don't care one bit how the customer feels...
:::'''Asta:''' Just let me know the next time you run into a problem like this. I'll have them arrange exclusive customer service for you. We don't have to suffer this kind of spamming ads!
:::'''Asta:''' Still, I never imagined this little one got sent out to Jarilo-VI and spent over 700 years there... What an incredible story.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you. You're the best...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201340380-->
::::'''Asta:''' Hehe. Don't mention it. Any problem that can be solved with money is no real problem at all.
::::'''Asta:''' But, I still recommend that you buy things directly from Cosmo Premium. That site always has top-notch service.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So what was Findie doing there?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201340383-->
::::'''Asta:''' Hmmm. I find it strange, too. Then again, if...
::::'''Asta:''' If this little one's experience was the same as my missing package, then according to Cosmo Premium, it was "because the shipment was impacted by an unavoidable interference, such as the Antimatter Legion."
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_201340385-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_201340385-->
:::'''Asta:''' After they notified me that my package went missing, they quickly sent out a super sincere apology letter and even arranged for a replacement. Their service is leaps and bounds ahead of "Interastral Peace Appliances."
:::'''Asta:''' If you ever need anything, just say the word. I can help you buy it. All you need to do is remember to come back to the space station to pick it up.
:::'''Asta:''' As for the Findie that you brought back with you, you can leave it with me as a souvenir. I can add this little legendary gadget to my antique collection.
:::'''Asta:''' If you need to use it in the future, you just let me know. After all, you were the one who picked it up. You can use it however you like.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_201150112-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030501-->)
:{{DIcon}} Um... about the starnought...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500002203: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500002203.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' Oh, of course I remember that. But I'm afraid you'll have to be more patient...
:::'''Asta:''' They only made limited copies of it, you see... and I haven't been able to get my hands on them. I've sent out the word that I'm willing to buy them even at a high price, but so far I haven't heard back from anybody.
:::'''Asta:''' Now that I think about it, it's understandable that people are not willing to sell theirs. After all, who doesn't love a starnought?
:::'''Asta:''' This is no ordinary film cross-over... It's about passion and taste. I wouldn't sell mine if I got one.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200030501-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031303--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200030501-->)
:{{DIcon}} I found your personal item...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500002204: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500002204.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' I left a note in that room... Hehe. I wrote a joke on it. Don't mind me.
:::'''Asta:''' Oh, by the way, why did you want to talk about that all of a sudden? Is there something you want to ask me about?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500012201_228-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500012201_228-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} I'm curious about your family...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012236-->
::::'''Asta:''' My family? Nothing too crazy. They made a fortune and stayed relatively well-off. That's about it.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you order stuff online at the station?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012238-->
::::'''Asta:''' Of course! You are asking the expert. Of every 10 parcels delivered here, 8 are mine...
::::'''Asta:''' The IPC owns a lot of platforms. My personal recommendation would be Cosmo Premium. They have good customer service.
::::'''Asta:''' However, the Legion's invasion has made delivery difficult. It's either "we've received your order" and it stays that way forever, or they lose your parcel on its way here. So annoying...
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is it trendy to get such a luscious hairstyle?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012242-->
::::'''Asta:''' Haha! Where did you hear that from? The guy with that luscious hairstyle is probably the one who tricked you into believing this.
::::'''Asta:''' Truth is, a group of researchers was experimenting on a Curio when all of a sudden things started to explode, and their hair all get messed up from that incident...
::::'''Asta:''' After that, people tried to recreate the experiment to figure out what happened, but instead of fixing things, more and more people started getting this very popular, luscious hairstyle.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't have any other questions.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012247-->
::::'''Asta:''' All right, till next time then!
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200031303-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200031303-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030302-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I'm here for the Foxian Beauty Chat...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030302: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030302.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' Let me finish before you say anything, otherwise you might misunderstand...
:::'''Asta:''' A while ago, romantic poems gained popularity in the space station. Many staff members were affected by the romantic mood, and so many of them have started using the opportunity to get to know their other half.
:::'''Asta:''' I'm not an old-fashioned, stubborn person. Our staff members work here, live here, so of course I would support their romantic pursuits and lifestyle.
:::'''Asta:''' There's a researcher here named {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Wen Furui}}. Everyone thought he only has academic research on his mind and does not care about relationships...
:::'''Asta:''' Recently, however, he suddenly requested to be dispatched to conduct research off-station, specifically to investigate the cultural phenomenon in Xianzhou.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's the problem with that?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030229-->
:::'''Asta:''' He's a physics researcher, what is he trying to do with a cultural study? This is too big a jump!
:::'''Asta:''' His uncharacteristic behavior worries me... so I probed into it a little. Recently, he has been obsessed with the Foxian Beauty Chat, a private romance counseling service on the Xianzhou Luofu.
:::'''Asta:''' That's right. His real reason to request for a transfer is not because of an academic shift, but a desire to meet with the Xianzhou foxian beauty he was in contact with.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you supportive of your staff members' romantic pursuits?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030207-->
::::'''Asta:''' I treat all my staff members equally. If Wen Furui wants to pursue his romantic yearnings, I will not stop him. But this Foxian Beauty Chat thing is very suspicious.
::::'''Asta:''' Those who have some common sense would be considerably suspicious, but Researcher Wen is... not one of them.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does Herta Space Station have any off-station researchers?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030210-->
::::'''Asta:''' Almost never. Xianzhou's route is not fixed, so travel and communication would not be the easiest to manage.
::::'''Asta:''' We would want nothing more than a researcher who proactively requests for off-station research.
::::'''Asta:''' However, this Foxian Beauty Chat thing is really suspicious. I'm a little worried that he went there just like that.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This Foxian Beauty Chat is definitely questionable at best!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030213-->
::::'''Asta:''' Isn't it!? Most people with common sense would immediately see how shady it is just from its name. But Researcher Wen is... not one of them.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202030208-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030208-->
:::'''Asta:''' I've had a few conversations with him. Every time I mentioned the foxian beauty, his grin grows uncontrollably. But when I try to inquire further, he always dodged the questions and evaded the topic.
:::'''Asta:''' I think it must be because of my position as the acting lead researcher that he felt reticent to talk about his love life. {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|I heard that these chat services operate on an invite-only membership basis. Maybe you can have a chat with him, and even better if you could get an invite.}}
:::'''Asta:''' I want to ask you to investigate this Foxian Beauty Chat. Find out what is behind this service.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if they're legitimate?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030218-->
::::'''Asta:''' ...Impossible! Well, I guess it isn't entirely impossible...
::::'''Asta:''' If they're legit, I will consider talking to them about a collaboration. If they could handle someone like Wen Furui, our staff members' mental health could then be easily ensured.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I will investigate.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030221-->
::::'''Asta:''' I'll leave it all to you then. I feel more at ease knowing it's you handling it.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're asking me to actively be the target of a scam.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030223-->
::::'''Asta:''' Scammers just want money at the end of the day, don't they? My allowance should be able to cover for both you and Wen Furui. I will reimburse all your losses!
::::'''Asta:''' For me, the most important thing is to protect the staff members' work and lives. This is something money can't buy.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202030220-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030220-->
:::'''Asta:''' So I shall await your good news.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030302-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030339--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030302-->)
:{{DIcon}} About the Foxian Beauty Chat...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030304: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030304.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' You haven't talked with {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Wen Furui}}?
:::'''Asta:''' *sigh* As the acting lead researcher, it's inconvenient to bring up even the slightest thing, so I had to ask for your help.
:::'''Asta:''' If we can get the Xianzhou Foxian Beauty Chat's {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|membership invitation link}}, we'll be able to have a deeper understanding of the situation.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030304-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030340-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030339-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030302-->)
:{{DIcon}} Wen Furui asked me to deliver the gift...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030305: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030305.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' What rapid development! Wen Furui asked you to bring gifts to Xianzhou and deliver them to the foxian beauty... That means, as long as we keep up with this, we'll be able to find the person directly.
:::'''Asta:''' We won't even need the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|membership invitation link}} to find out what the hidden truth is. Looks like I chose the right person after all, (Trailblazer).
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Would we be encroaching on his privacy?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it ethically appropriate to do this?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202030505-->
:::'''Asta:''' It has to do with the safety of space station staff members' daily lives...
:::'''Asta:''' Furthermore... we are not going to open up the gifts. We're just making sure that it is correctly delivered to the foxian beauty. How would there be any problem with that?
:::'''Asta:''' Besides, didn't he promise to give you the invitation link after the item is delivered? That would be our plan B. I just meant that if it were up to me, I would choose to follow the clues first.
:::'''Asta:''' However you choose to obtain the information is up to you. I'll be waiting for your good news right here either way.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030305-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030323-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030340-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030339-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030302-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I managed to get myself a "premium membership."
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030323: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030323.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' Premium... membership? You're full of surprises, (Trailblazer). Picking you for the job was the right decision.
:::'''Asta:''' What's the result of the investigation? Is this Foxian Beauty Chat really a secret online counseling chatroom, or is it a plain and simple interplanetary scam?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I didn't get to talk deeply with the foxian beauty...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032304-->
::::'''Asta:''' I didn't say you should be involved that way.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's pure scam...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032306-->
::::'''Asta:''' ...Untrackable address... shady male? Uh huh, sorry you had to make the trip.
::::'''Asta:''' How should I say it... My initial guess was proven right. But it would be very discouraging to Researcher Wen.
:::'''Asta:''' Looks like we have to talk to this "foxian beauty."
:::'''Asta:''' Bring out your phone, let's see what trick "she" is playing.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030323-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030325-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030323-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030340-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030339-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030302-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} About the Foxian Beauty Chat...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030325: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030325.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' I&mdash;I'm blocked?
:::'''Asta:''' How much did I transfer... Is that a lot for a scammer?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's not a lot.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032503-->
::::'''Asta:''' I thought so.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She might be suspecting I'm the scammer.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032505-->
::::'''Asta:''' Good point. It might be difficult for regular people to believe a sum of money that large.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You scared her.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032507-->
::::'''Asta:''' She's scared with only this much? What a doormat.
:::'''Asta:''' Don't worry, with this amount of money, it will usually go through the IPC's currency safety account for safekeeping for a time before it's officially transferred.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_202032510-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032510-->
:::'''Asta:''' So now, the easy part. (Trailblazer), can you contact the Realm-Keeping Commission to file a report, launch an investigation, and retrieve the money?
:::'''Asta:''' I will go chat with Wen Furui and talk some sense into him. I'll teach him about the rudimentary scamming technique that the Foxian Beauty Chat employs.
:::'''Asta:''' Oh, look, someone else is contacting you.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030325-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030326-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030325-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030323-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030340-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030339-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030302-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} About the Foxian Beauty Chat...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030326: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030326.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' Ah, the plot thickens.
:::'''Asta:''' But, if she does have a manager, why would she use her own alias to contact you?
:::'''Asta:''' Normally, when things like this happened, her manager would be on the ball to deal with hiccups like this.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe she didn't tell her manager.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032604-->
::::'''Asta:''' Not telling her manager isn't completely unbelievable, but why?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Her conscience, maybe?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032606-->
::::'''Asta:''' Her conscience... telling her not to cheat you out of your money and trying to return your money to you without the higher-up knowing.
::::'''Asta:''' What kindness.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe she's the manager herself.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202032609-->
::::'''Asta:''' Uh... didn't you say the manager was male?
::::'''Asta:''' ...Wouldn't this be a little too cruel to Researcher Wen?
:::'''Asta:''' Here's an idea. What if you go and meet up with the manager before meeting her? I think that might be safer. If you can find him, ask about her, and if you can't, just forget about it. It's not that big of a deal.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030326-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030348-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030326-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030325-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030323-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030340-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030339-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030302-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} About the Foxian Beauty Chat...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030348: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030348.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' So it turns out the Foxian Beauty is neither foxian nor a beauty... I'm going to have to think of a way to break this news to Wen Furui.
:::'''Asta:''' Can you ask that "Foxian Beauty" to record a video for Wen Furui, where she says "I don't think the two of us make a good pair, please forget me forever," or something to that effect?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's very thoughtful of you.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202034803-->
::::'''Asta:''' I'm afraid that if he finds out the truth, he'll be devastated beyond recovery.
::::'''Asta:''' That researcher is a little soft on the inside. And we didn't do all of this investigating just so we could mock him for it, right?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's pretty brutal of you.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202034806-->
::::'''Asta:''' I think a message from the Foxian Beauty will do much more good than our talking and explaining.
::::'''Asta:''' If you think it's brutal, maybe you can ask the Foxian Beauty to convey her sentiments more gently?
:::'''Asta:''' Actually, there's no reason to trouble you with such a trivial errand. I'll handle this one myself.
:::'''Asta:''' You know, maybe there is a foxian lady out there who would be a good match for him. Perhaps I should seriously consider transferring him to a post at Xianzhou.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It is ill-fated for a long-life species to be bonded with a short-life species.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202034811-->
::::'''Asta:''' I have heard as much. But I think that's just an excuse people tell themselves.
::::'''Asta:''' The way I see it, the love between two people isn't less valuable because life is short. After all, everything is short-lived compared to the universe.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You are indeed a thoughtful Lead Researcher.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202034814-->
::::'''Asta:''' Well, what else can I do? Watching out for my fellow researchers is part of the job.
::::'''Asta:''' Anyway, I'm not the one who deserves the credit here.
:::'''Asta:''' Thanks to you, we can consider this little saga over. Take this, it's what I promised you.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030348-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030350-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030348-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030326-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030325-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030323-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030340-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030339-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030302-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} About the Foxian Beauty Chat...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030350: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030350.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' Now that I think about it, this "Daiqing" scammer had horrendous conversational skills. How did Wen Furui fall head over heels for someone of such low caliber?
:::'''Asta:''' In the midst of the boundless cosmos, we meet and get to know so many people... *sigh*
:::'''Asta:''' Ah! Her messages are so cringy! Can't believe that you managed to endure them to the end.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} After all I've been through, am I eligible for worker comp?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202035003-->
::::'''Asta:''' I'll send in a worker compensation claim for you at the station for psychological trauma.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not such a great conversationalist myself...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202035005-->
::::'''Asta:''' Oh come on! You play the "naive {{MC|f=girl|m=boy}}" part like a natural!
::::'''Asta:''' Uh, you weren't pretending?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That would be nice.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202035007-->
::::'''Asta:''' ...
::::'''Asta:''' I see. I'll take it as a testament to the diversity of humankind.
:::'''Asta:''' If you get cyber fraud messages, they'll use every trick in the book to get you to spend money as quickly as possible.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm afraid I might easily fall for such tricks.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202035012-->
::::'''Asta:''' ...Wouldn't that be the perfect strategy though?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have always been vigilant about guarding myself against scammers.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_202035014-->
::::'''Asta:''' You'll need to turn off your anti-scam vigilance.
:::'''Asta:''' I'm not a member of Xianzhou's Realm-Keeping Commission, so I'm not going to "prevent you from getting scammed." My goal is to uncover the true nature of the Foxian Beauty Chat and ensure that my fellow researchers have a healthy and safe working environment in Xianzhou.
:::'''Asta:''' Not only do you have to get scammed, you have to get scammed badly enough for us to get closer to the truth. All the scammers want is money. My pocket change should be enough to reimburse you for your losses... more than enough, in fact.
:::'''Asta:''' If the Foxian Beauty is just scamming people for money, then we should help Wen Furui let go of his delusions for good. You would agree, no?
:::'''Asta:''' Oh, so she's contacting you.
:::'''Asta:''' Remember, it's on my dime, so don't be coy about it.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030350-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030362-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030350-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030348-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030326-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030325-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030323-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030340-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030339-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 202030302-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} About the Foxian Beauty Chat...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 202030358: Config/Level/Mission/2020303/Act/Act202030358.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' Why are you still here?
:::'''Asta:''' The Foxian Beauty has offered to meet with you. The truth is only one step away now, so you may as well accept the offer.
:::'''Asta:''' Let me know if there are any new developments.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_202030358-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405002802-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} Pom-Pom wants to borrow some little robots...
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 405002801: Config/Level/Mission/4050028/Act/Act405002801.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' Oh, they do? Ah, I did mention the robots to them that last time...
:::'''Asta:''' Well... Although these robots are customized by me, they don't feel very good to use and scored very low in the staff satisfaction survey.
:::'''Asta:''' (Trailblazer), please tell Pom-Pom, it's not that I don't want to lend them, it's just...
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_405002802-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_405002804-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can we talk...?
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500002202: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500002202.json-->
:::'''Asta:''' Of course. What do you want to talk about?
::;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 200020115-->)
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500012202_256-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500012202_256-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are there other anonymous group chats on the station?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012256-->
:::::'''Asta:''' There are... but none of them are as big as the one we dealt with. Most of them are just for people who share the same hobbies to exchange ideas.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Were you in the group chat we busted?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012258-->
:::::'''Asta:''' Take a guess~
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What happened to Richard from the Department of Galactic Geopolitics?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012260-->
:::::'''Asta:''' Ah, he was sacked.
:::::'''Asta:''' There are reports from other researchers saying that he had a history of slandering other people. I did some fact checking and that turned out to be the case. Some even think he deserves worse than getting sacked.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012264-->
:::::'''Asta:''' All right, till next time then!
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 200020115-->)
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500012200_188-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500012200_188-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About your job...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012206-->
:::::'''Asta:''' My job? I keep things running on Madam Herta's behalf. It's not that difficult really.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500012200_191-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500012200_191-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why aren't you staying in your office?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012208-->
::::::'''Asta:''' My office? Oh, the station gave me a suite, but I like to stay around here and hang out with everybody.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you busy most of the time?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012210-->
::::::'''Asta:''' The workload is alright. Been having some crunch time lately, but nothing I can't handle!
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Return}} I see.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500012200_188-->
:::::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the space station...
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012213-->
:::::::'''Asta:''' You've come to the right person. I'm the lead researcher at the station.
:::::::'''Asta:''' Ask me anything!
:::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500012200_201-->
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500012200_201-->
:::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How are the researchers doing?
::::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012216-->
::::::::'''Asta:''' Sadly, some didn't make it. But thanks to your help and the effort of the Medical Department, most of them are fine now.
::::::::'''Asta:''' However, I'm still worried that people may be traumatized by the invasion of the Antimatter Legion... I'll have to monitor people's mental health more closely.
:::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Has Herta returned to the station?
::::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012219-->
::::::::'''Asta:''' Yes, but strictly speaking I'd say she's "online" now. The Madam Herta you see here is a remote-controlled puppet.
::::::::'''Asta:''' Don't be offended if she ignores you when you talk to her. Chances are she's just logged off.
::::::::'''Asta:''' After all, she only pursues what interests her and as soon as that interest is lost, she abandons it and moves on.
:::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012225-->
:::::::'''Asta:''' All right, till next time then!
:::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the space station...
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012213-->
:::::'''Asta:''' You've come to the right person. I'm the lead researcher at the station.
:::::'''Asta:''' Ask me anything!
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500012200_201-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500012200_201-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How are the researchers doing?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012216-->
::::::'''Asta:''' Sadly, some didn't make it. But thanks to your help and the effort of the Medical Department, most of them are fine now.
::::::'''Asta:''' However, I'm still worried that people may be traumatized by the invasion of the Antimatter Legion... I'll have to monitor people's mental health more closely.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Has Herta returned to the station?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012219-->
::::::'''Asta:''' Yes, but strictly speaking I'd say she's "online" now. The Madam Herta you see here is a remote-controlled puppet.
::::::'''Asta:''' Don't be offended if she ignores you when you talk to her. Chances are she's just logged off.
::::::'''Asta:''' After all, she only pursues what interests her and as soon as that interest is lost, she abandons it and moves on.
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Return}} I see.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500012200_188-->
::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} About your job...
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012206-->
:::::::'''Asta:''' My job? I keep things running on Madam Herta's behalf. It's not that difficult really.
:::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500012200_191-->
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500012200_191-->
:::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why aren't you staying in your office?
::::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012208-->
::::::::'''Asta:''' My office? Oh, the station gave me a suite, but I like to stay around here and hang out with everybody.
:::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you busy most of the time?
::::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012210-->
::::::::'''Asta:''' The workload is alright. Been having some crunch time lately, but nothing I can't handle!
:::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012225-->
:::::::'''Asta:''' All right, till next time then!
:::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500012225-->
:::::'''Asta:''' All right, till next time then!
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I better leave you alone.
:::'''Asta:''' All right, till next time then!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200020113-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} {{tx}}
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_2000305_125)
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_125-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe they are all infected.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030505-->
:::'''Asta:''' It can't be. It doesn't match the data detected in the Crackup Conch.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you so sure that only one person is infected?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030507-->
:::'''Asta:''' Because I have test results that have been scientifically verified.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030508-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030508-->
::'''Asta:''' The principle behind it is actually quite simple. The viral load of informational particles left behind by the memetic virus in the Crackup Conch is simply not high enough.
::'''Asta:''' The viral load detected barely reaches the amount that can be carried by an infected adult. So it's absolutely impossible for the Crackup Conch to have contracted the virus from multiple individuals.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_133-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_133-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But my investigation couldn't corroborate this...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030511-->
:::'''Asta:''' It's okay. I've got a backup plan.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, what next?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030513-->
:::'''Asta:''' Hehe, I've got a backup plan.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030514-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030514-->
::'''Asta:''' The memetic virus is transmitted through virtual data. And all the virtual data in the space station leave traces in the terminal.
::'''Asta:''' Since we couldn't get much from our previous investigation, let's check the browsing records of the three suspects. Then we should be able to identify the source of the infection.
::'''Asta:''' Hehe, I've got an emergency plan for situations like this. Please visit the Data Exchange Center &mdash; where the terminal is located.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_142-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_142-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But I've never used a terminal...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030518-->
:::'''Asta:''' Don't worry. It's simple. Enter the terminal room, verify your identity, and you can start your query.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't you go yourself?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030520-->
:::'''Asta:''' *sigh* I have my own reasons. It's a long story.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030521-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030521-->
::'''Asta:''' Simply put, anyone using any data gadget, which basically includes everyone on the space station, would have their user behaviors recorded by the terminal. It is thus inappropriate for me or any other staff member to check such information.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_149-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_149-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Um, I still don't get it.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030523-->
:::'''Asta:''' Don't worry. I'll explain to you when I have time.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I know. You are just looking for excuses to slack off.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030525-->
:::'''Asta:''' It's not like that. I would have gone if I could.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030526-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030526-->
::'''Asta:''' Think about it. Despite different backgrounds and identities, people on the space station have reached an agreement on personal privacy.
::'''Asta:''' The traces left from using virtual data can be found on the terminal. For example, from here people can see all the unusual virtual platforms you visited during your working hours.
::'''Asta:''' Therefore, to respect everyone's privacy, no one, including myself and the other staff, should access the terminal.
::'''Asta:''' Think about it in their shoes, if you are space station staff, would you be happy with me going through your browsing records on the virtual network?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_159-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_159-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd rather die...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's unacceptable.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030532-->
::'''Asta:''' Now you understand, right? That's why your special identity makes you the perfect candidate for this!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_164-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_164-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why? I don't understand.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030534-->
:::'''Asta:''' Let me start with your heroic deeds and your special identity.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So, you just want me to get beaten up?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030536-->
:::'''Asta:''' Jeez, is this the kind of nonsense you think about all day? I have nothing against you. Why would I set you up?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030537-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030537-->
::'''Asta:''' From an objective point of view, you are an outsider on the space station. You are not familiar with most people here, so it's unlikely that you hold any personal grudge against anyone.
::'''Asta:''' Not every outsider has the right to access the data records. But you are different. You are the hero who saved the space station. People trust your moral character.
::'''Asta:''' But of course, if you do decide to help, I hope you will keep everything you see strictly confidential.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000305_173-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000305_173-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No problem. My lips are sealed.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030541-->
:::'''Asta:''' Anyway, keep it all a secret while you're still in the space station. As for where you go or what you do in the future, it's none of my business.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Piece of cake. Just leave it to me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030543-->
:::'''Asta:''' Thank you so much!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200030544-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200030544-->
::'''Asta:''' Before you leave, let me tell you how to use the terminal.
::'''Asta:''' As you know, the invasion of the station severely damaged the whole data center. And the server room where the terminal is housed is no exception.
::'''Asta:''' Despite our best efforts, the damage is yet to be fully remediated. And reported cases of memetic virus infection only made things worse. I had to send a maintenance engineer to monitor the situation on a daily basis.
::'''Asta:''' {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|The engineer would turn on the optical identity verification program manually every day}} to check whether the bioelectricity of each visitor entering the room is normal, thus ensuring that the terminal room is not invaded.
::'''Asta:''' Since the optical identity verification program is {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|refreshed dynamically after it is turned on every day, you need to re-verify your identity every time you enter.}}
::'''Asta:''' For more details, please {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|consult the maintenance engineer}}. I've told the engineer that you have permission to enter the room.
::'''Asta:''' So... I will leave the rest to you!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::----
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_2000311_288)
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000311_288-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've gone through all the data records.
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_405280202)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_405280202-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Asta
|zhs  = 艾丝妲
|zht  = 艾絲妲
|ja   = アスター
|ko   = 아스타
|es   = Asta
|fr   = Asta
|ru   = Аста
|th   = Asta
|vi   = Asta
|de   = Asta
|id   = Asta
|pt   = Asta
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}