<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Bernard#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Lv. 4 Geography Researcher
|image           = NPC Bernard.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Master Control Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Bernard''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Master Control Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Master Control Zone|npc_31_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010121_1224-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010121_1224-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you think Lesley likes Rocky?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011820-->
::'''Bernard:''' If you ask me, that can only be his wishful thinking! That can only happen in his dreams!
::'''Bernard:''' Maybe there are so many rumors about that girl that everyone has forgotten one important fact &mdash; her individual capacities are simply extraordinary.
::'''Bernard:''' Lesley is more than a celebrity. She is a gifted scholar. She's the combined result of her genes and her own efforts. Even her sister Emily won't be able to achieve anything like that.
::'''Bernard:''' Lesley is a once-in-a-century genius while Rocky is only an ordinary researcher.
::'''Bernard:''' Tell me, do you think she'll like him?
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Will you support them being together?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011826-->
::'''Bernard:''' How am I supposed to comment on something like that? Would you prepare for an opening speech for the Genius Society? You won't!
::'''Bernard:''' It's just something impossible!
::'''Bernard:''' If Lesley really says yes to Rocky, he'll have to work hard. Otherwise, the gap between them will be too big and their lifestyles will be too different. Even if they are together, they will fight a lot.
::'''Bernard:''' I'm old. I can't bear to see people break up. If they want to be together in the long run, Rocky will have to toughen up himself!
::'''Bernard:''' Ehem... Look what I said! Nonsense! Nonsense!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How do you evaluate the invasion?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011832-->
::'''Bernard:''' Expected, both for the invasion itself and the survival of the space station.
::'''Bernard:''' I had no doubt that any external attack will be unable to destroy the space station.
::'''Bernard:''' Because I know the worse issue lies in internal distortion instead of external disturbance.
::'''Bernard:''' If conflicts and contempts continue to exist among different departments, I'm afraid the space station will collapse before I die. Its own issue leads to its internal disintegration!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011837-->
::'''Bernard:''' You are a youngster too. Your words are more influential than mine. When you have time, please talk to my student.
::'''Bernard:''' Sigh. It's my misfortune as well as the Department of Cosmic Geography's misfortune!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:'''Bernard:''' Ah, it's you again. How can an old man like me help you?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:'''Bernard:''' You are a youngster too. Your words are more influential than mine. When you have time, please talk to my student.
:'''Bernard:''' Sigh. It's my misfortune as well as the Department of Cosmic Geography's misfortune!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000003: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500001801.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500011802-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011802-->
::'''Bernard:''' That boy is playing with his stupid rocks again. I have no idea what he wants to do with his future!
::'''Bernard:''' If he keeps doing this, we can't blame the other departments for looking down on us. He's hopeless! How is he going to achieve anything?
::'''Bernard:''' Sigh! The fleeting romance between men and women is an obstruction to the way of scientific research!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010121_1206-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010121_1206-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why is Dpt. of Cosmic Geography looked down on?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011806-->
:::'''Bernard:''' Hey, kiddo, are you new here? How dare you ask me this question? Are you looking for trouble? Or are you an idiot?
:::'''Bernard:''' Fine. Looking at your face, I assume you are not a bad person.
:::'''Bernard:''' The stupidest rule of the space station is to divide talents and knowledge rigidly based on departments.
:::'''Bernard:''' The second stupidest rule, which is a hidden rule, is that different departments are ranked on a hierarchy!
:::'''Bernard:''' Eloquent people are well respected while quiet diligent researchers are called old-fashioned and stubborn. This is what the space station should change the most!
:::'''Bernard:''' Ehem... But I'm just an old guy. It's not up to me to change anything. But if you ask me, young people should work hard to achieve what they want.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are those rocks?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011813-->
:::'''Bernard:''' Hmph, those little things are my student's emotional sustenance. Gross.
:::'''Bernard:''' Lesley is so young and promising. She's the only person who went to the Abundance segmentum to do research in this Amber Era. She won't even bat her eyes at an ordinary researcher from the DGG.
:::'''Bernard:''' They only had a few interactions during their research, and he's already gotten ahead of himself!
:::'''Bernard:''' He made a bunch of weird little rocks while Lesley is away. He carved the rocks, saying that's Lesley's face. He's really out of his mind!
:::'''Bernard:''' If only he had spent his effort carving rocks into his research and made achievements like Lesley! Hmph! He's killing me!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010121_1221-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010121_1221-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000004: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500001800.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::'''Bernard:''' Ah, it's you again. How can an old man like me help you?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I've got something to ask you.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010121_1224-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010121_1224-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you think Lesley likes Rocky?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011820-->
:::'''Bernard:''' If you ask me, that can only be his wishful thinking! That can only happen in his dreams!
:::'''Bernard:''' Maybe there are so many rumors about that girl that everyone has forgotten one important fact &mdash; her individual capacities are simply extraordinary.
:::'''Bernard:''' Lesley is more than a celebrity. She is a gifted scholar. She's the combined result of her genes and her own efforts. Even her sister Emily won't be able to achieve anything like that.
:::'''Bernard:''' Lesley is a once-in-a-century genius while Rocky is only an ordinary researcher.
:::'''Bernard:''' Tell me, do you think she'll like him?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Will you support them being together?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011826-->
:::'''Bernard:''' How am I supposed to comment on something like that? Would you prepare for an opening speech for the Genius Society? You won't!
:::'''Bernard:''' It's just something impossible!
:::'''Bernard:''' If Lesley really says yes to Rocky, he'll have to work hard. Otherwise, the gap between them will be too big and their lifestyles will be too different. Even if they are together, they will fight a lot.
:::'''Bernard:''' I'm old. I can't bear to see people break up. If they want to be together in the long run, Rocky will have to toughen up himself!
:::'''Bernard:''' Ehem... Look what I said! Nonsense! Nonsense!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How do you evaluate the invasion?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011832-->
:::'''Bernard:''' Expected, both for the invasion itself and the survival of the space station.
:::'''Bernard:''' I had no doubt that any external attack will be unable to destroy the space station.
:::'''Bernard:''' Because I know the worse issue lies in internal distortion instead of external disturbance.
:::'''Bernard:''' If conflicts and contempts continue to exist among different departments, I'm afraid the space station will collapse before I die. Its own issue leads to its internal disintegration!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011837-->
:::'''Bernard:''' You are a youngster too. Your words are more influential than mine. When you have time, please talk to my student.
:::'''Bernard:''' Sigh. It's my misfortune as well as the Department of Cosmic Geography's misfortune!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I shouldn't keep you.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::'''Bernard:''' You are a youngster too. Your words are more influential than mine. When you have time, please talk to my student.
::'''Bernard:''' Sigh. It's my misfortune as well as the Department of Cosmic Geography's misfortune!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Bernard
|zhs  = 伯纳德
|zht  = 伯納德
|ja   = バーナード
|ko   = 버나드
|es   = Bernard
|fr   = Bernard
|ru   = Бернард
|th   = Bernard
|vi   = Bernard
|de   = Bernard
|id   = Bernard
|pt   = Bernard
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}