<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Bernard#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Lv. 4 Geography Researcher
|image           = NPC Bernard.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Master Control Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Bernard''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Master Control Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Master Control Zone|npc_93_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500218300_497-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500218300_497-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Any news about Rocky's whereabouts?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500218304-->
::'''Bernard:''' Hmph, that ungrateful brat has long forgotten about me. He never sent me any messages, let alone his whereabouts. And here I am, logging onto the terminal every day to see whether there are any unread messages...
::'''Bernard:''' But... his vital signs always appear normal based on the reading. He's probably okay.
::'''Bernard:''' Maybe he's got a bad signal where he is.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is everything all right without Rocky around?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500218308-->
::'''Bernard:''' Ugh, don't even get me started. I was absolutely livid when I first realized Rocky had left.
::'''Bernard:''' Thankfully, my results from the Medical Department are pretty good, and I feel I'm in good enough health to wait for this silly boy's return.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Does anyone else know about this?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500218311-->
::'''Bernard:''' It doesn't matter, my silly apprentice is not in the space station anyway.
::'''Bernard:''' Besides, what use would that be even if they knew? It's not like they're gonna drag Rocky back...
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500218315-->
::'''Bernard:''' Ahhh, Rocky, my silly apprentice... I've never blamed you for leaving, but when are you coming back...?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Bernard:''' Ah, it's you again. How can an old man like me help you?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Bernard:''' Ahhh, Rocky, my silly apprentice... I've never blamed you for leaving, but when are you coming back...?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000024: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500001804.json-->
:'''Bernard:''' Ah, it's you again. How can an old man like me help you?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003102-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} About the resource supply agreement...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 405002903: Config/Level/Mission/4050029/Act/Act405002903.json-->
::'''Bernard:''' Hmph, we at the Department of Cosmic Geography are also short on resources. Where do you find the nerve to come to us for things?
::'''Bernard:''' Wait... The resource supply agreement... Lead Researcher Asta seems to have mentioned this.
::'''Bernard:''' Don't just wait here. Are you expecting me, an old man, to bring the equipment for an outdoor survey to you? Later, I will get a youngster to send them directly to the railway platform for you!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_405003102-->
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to know...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500218300_497-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500218300_497-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Any news about Rocky's whereabouts?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500218304-->
:::'''Bernard:''' Hmph, that ungrateful brat has long forgotten about me. He never sent me any messages, let alone his whereabouts. And here I am, logging onto the terminal every day to see whether there are any unread messages...
:::'''Bernard:''' But... his vital signs always appear normal based on the reading. He's probably okay.
:::'''Bernard:''' Maybe he's got a bad signal where he is.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is everything all right without Rocky around?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500218308-->
:::'''Bernard:''' Ugh, don't even get me started. I was absolutely livid when I first realized Rocky had left.
:::'''Bernard:''' Thankfully, my results from the Medical Department are pretty good, and I feel I'm in good enough health to wait for this silly boy's return.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Does anyone else know about this?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500218311-->
:::'''Bernard:''' It doesn't matter, my silly apprentice is not in the space station anyway.
:::'''Bernard:''' Besides, what use would that be even if they knew? It's not like they're gonna drag Rocky back...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500218315-->
:::'''Bernard:''' Ahhh, Rocky, my silly apprentice... I've never blamed you for leaving, but when are you coming back...?
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll leave you alone.
::'''Bernard:''' Ahhh, Rocky, my silly apprentice... I've never blamed you for leaving, but when are you coming back...?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_405290402)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_405290402-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Bernard
|zhs  = 伯纳德
|zht  = 伯納德
|ja   = バーナード
|ko   = 버나드
|es   = Bernard
|fr   = Bernard
|ru   = Бернард
|th   = Bernard
|vi   = Bernard
|de   = Bernard
|id   = Bernard
|pt   = Bernard
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}