<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Cooking Genius No. 123#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Food Order Robot
|image           = NPC Cooking Genius No. 123.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Master Control Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Cooking Genius No. 123''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Master Control Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Master Control Zone|npc_45_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 404000601,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 404000601,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404000601: Config/Level/Mission/4040006/Act/Act404000601.json-->
:'''Food Order Robot:''' Hello, Food Order Robot Cooking Genius No. 123 at your service!
:'''Food Order Robot:''' Scanning user identification information, please do not move your Name Card or face. Scan successful. The meal package available for pickup is: "Space Station Business Meal."
:'''Food Order Robot:''' Current number in line: 0. The meal is being dispatched for you, please wait patiently.
:'''Food Order Robot:''' Delivery in progress... Delivery in progress... Delivery successful. "Space Station Business Meal" has been delivered. Enjoy your meal.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 404000601_Finish-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 404000602,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 404000602,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404000602: Config/Level/Mission/4040006/Act/Act404000602.json-->
:'''Food Order Robot:''' Hello, your meal has been delivered. Please do not attempt a repeat pick-up.
:'''Food Order Robot:''' Tip: If you want to taste more delicious food, please upgrade your Researcher level.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 404000603,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 404000603,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404000603: Config/Level/Mission/4040006/Act/Act404000603.json-->
:'''Food Order Robot:''' Hello, Food Order Robot Cooking Genius No. 123 at your service!
:'''Food Order Robot:''' Scanning user identification information, please do not move your Name Card or face. Scan successful. Welcome, researcher (Trailblazer).
:'''Food Order Robot:''' An upgrade has been detected with your space station permissions. The current package has been upgraded to the "Senior Researcher Exclusive &mdash; Supreme Meal Package."
:'''Food Order Robot:''' Delivery in progress. Please be patient while the meal is being delivered to you. Delivery successful. The "Senior Researcher Exclusive &mdash; Supreme Meal Package" has been delivered. Enjoy your meal.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: 404000603_Finish-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404000601-->)
:{{DIcon|?}} Story and cutscene content are under development. Stay tuned!
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404000601: Config/Level/Mission/4040006/Act/Act404000601.json-->
::'''Food Order Robot:''' Hello, Food Order Robot Cooking Genius No. 123 at your service!
::'''Food Order Robot:''' Scanning user identification information, please do not move your Name Card or face. Scan successful. The meal package available for pickup is: "Space Station Business Meal."
::'''Food Order Robot:''' Current number in line: 0. The meal is being dispatched for you, please wait patiently.
::'''Food Order Robot:''' Delivery in progress... Delivery in progress... Delivery successful. "Space Station Business Meal" has been delivered. Enjoy your meal.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: 404000601_Finish-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Started: 404000601--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Started: 404000603--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404000601-->)
:{{DIcon|?}} Story and cutscene content are under development. Stay tuned!
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404000602: Config/Level/Mission/4040006/Act/Act404000602.json-->
::'''Food Order Robot:''' Hello, your meal has been delivered. Please do not attempt a repeat pick-up.
::'''Food Order Robot:''' Tip: If you want to taste more delicious food, please upgrade your Researcher level.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404000603-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Started: 404000601--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Started: 404000603-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 404000601-->)
:{{DIcon|?}} Story and cutscene content are under development. Stay tuned!
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 404000603: Config/Level/Mission/4040006/Act/Act404000603.json-->
::'''Food Order Robot:''' Hello, Food Order Robot Cooking Genius No. 123 at your service!
::'''Food Order Robot:''' Scanning user identification information, please do not move your Name Card or face. Scan successful. Welcome, researcher (Trailblazer).
::'''Food Order Robot:''' An upgrade has been detected with your space station permissions. The current package has been upgraded to the "Senior Researcher Exclusive &mdash; Supreme Meal Package."
::'''Food Order Robot:''' Delivery in progress. Please be patient while the meal is being delivered to you. Delivery successful. The "Senior Researcher Exclusive &mdash; Supreme Meal Package" has been delivered. Enjoy your meal.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: 404000603_Finish-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Little Robot
|zhs  = 小机器人
|zht  = 小機器人
|ja   = 小さなロボット
|ko   = 소형 로봇
|es   = Robot pequeño
|fr   = Petit robot
|ru   = Маленький робот
|th   = หุ่นยนต์จิ๋ว
|vi   = Robot Nhỏ
|de   = Kleiner Roboter
|id   = Robot Kecil
|pt   = Robozinho
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}