<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Esther#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Lv.4 Mysticism Researcher
|image           = NPC Esther.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Master Control Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Esther''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Master Control Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Master Control Zone|npc_32_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200011201,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200011201,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200011201: Config/Level/Mission/2000112/Act/Act200011201.json-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200024001-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024001-->
:'''Esther:''' One, two, three...
:'''Esther:''' One, two, three...
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000240_8-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000240_8-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you exercising?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're responsible for all these archives?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} ♪ One, two, three, one, two, three, drink... ♪
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024006-->
:'''Esther:''' Three. You see?
:'''Esther:''' Three are missing.
:'''Esther:''' Gotta find these videotapes.
:'''Esther:''' I know I am right about this. I may be getting old. I may have forgotten all about the Aeons... but I keep track of the number of these tapes like my life depends on it. Kid, you came just in time. If you have time, go find them for me.
:'''Esther:''' If you don't, then I suppose I'll have to get help from those old farts.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000240_18-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000240_18-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Old farts?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024012-->
::'''Esther:''' Yeah. There's Wen Tianweng, who talks to machine parts all day in the maintenance room. Bernard in the Department of Cosmic Geography who gives nicknames to the scrolls and plants. And there's Gunn, who can lie through his teeth without a blink of an eye.
::'''Esther:''' Yep, there's an old fart suited to every job.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Videotapes?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024015-->
::'''Esther:''' The videotapes in the space station are different from ordinary ones. They are recordings of {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|wonders and mysteries}} you won't find anywhere. Because of this, they need to be looked after by specialized personnel.
::'''Esther:''' This is a great learning opportunity for you. You should count yourself lucky.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's not trouble those old fa... elderly people.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024018-->
::'''Esther:''' Good, good. We don't see many accommodating young fellows like you nowadays.
::'''Esther:''' However, I have to remind you that the producers of these videotapes have implanted some defense mechanisms to help protect their secrets.
::'''Esther:''' If you are not careful when touching the videotapes, best-case scenario is you will feel a little dizzy, and the data transfer may be forcibly interrupted. Worst-case scenario, it may cause abnormal behaviors, hallucination, and paranoia, eventually leading to memory and consciousness disorders.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000240_30-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000240_30-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Good thing I'm not interested in secrets.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024022-->
:::'''Esther:''' In this bizarre space station, sometimes even if you cover your eyes and ears, the information destined for you will still find a way into your brain.
:::'''Esther:''' Secrets choose their witnesses &mdash; this is a fundamental belief of the Department of Insight.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "It's A Trap!"
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024025-->
:::'''Esther:''' Not so much of a trap. It's just a result of the constant arms race between researchers vying to be the best at what they do. They simply used a certain kind of technology to turn away those deemed unworthy from accessing information.
:::'''Esther:''' Malicious baits are deeply embedded in the information by means of flashing visual stimuli and inaudible ultrasound waves, thus manipulating the subconscious to inflict harm on the subject.
:::'''Esther:''' Consciousness, preconsciousness, and subconsciousness; self, ego, and superego; imagination, symbolism, reality, and so on. The labyrinth of the human mind is a compulsory subject that almost all space station researchers are proficient in.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it too late for me to refuse now?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024029-->
:::'''Esther:''' Stop being coy with me. I have met a lot of people in my life. You don't seem to be the kind who would refuse secrets.
:::'''Esther:''' If I tell you not to think about an elephant &mdash; then images of the large gray animal must be all over your mind.
:::'''Esther:''' And now I've told you everything about the videotapes &mdash; you won't easily forget about the danger until you find out the secrets.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200024032-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024032-->
::'''Esther:''' I am guessing someone took advantage of the Legion's invasion and snatched the videotapes when the master control zone was unguarded.
::'''Esther:''' There are no borrowing records, indicating that the suspect is unwilling to expose their identity. There was no sign of damage, indicating that they were not trying to destroy those videotapes but to view the secret within.
::'''Esther:''' The device for playing those videotapes is located in the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|safe area of the supply zone}}. If you go there, you may find some clues.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200011201-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200011225,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200011225,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200011225: Config/Level/Mission/2000112/Act/Act200011225.json-->
:'''Esther:''' Experience other people's lives with your very own eyes. That is the charm of those videos.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000254_457-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000254_457-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I brought them all back.
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025403-->
<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 200011225,
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": 18096028862919064994
	},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlaySimpleTalk",
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 200025403,
					"ProtectTime": 0.3
				},
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 200025404
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitSimpleTalkFinish"
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Wait_Option_2000254_462"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {}
}</pre>
;(Unused &mdash; Wait_Option_2000254_462)
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000254_462-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go on.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025406-->
:::'''Esther:''' Once, in the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, there were two well-known young people. They were not only comrades in arms with similar interests but also a couple who pushed each other to become better.
:::'''Esther:''' They were committed to fighting for the weak and upholding justice for those who were trampled by Aeons and their factions.
:::'''Esther:''' Until one day, justice was no longer just an ideal. A Lord Ravager came to the female researcher's hometown, and her home planet was about to be destroyed. For the first time ever, the two disagreed on how justice should be implemented in this scenario.
:::'''Esther:''' The female researcher chose to return to her home planet alone to alert them of the disaster, but unexpectedly, an accident occurred during her journey.
:::'''Esther:''' At the time, the star rail was blocked by a Stellaron and her spacecraft was also stranded in the path of the Antimatter Legion. In absolute fear, she chose to call the Herta Space Station for help.
:::'''Esther:''' However, the space station had chosen to remain neutral in all actions involving the Aeons, and the operator responsible for relaying this ruthless message was none other than the male researcher himself.
:::'''Esther:''' Through the radio, he personally witnessed how his stranded lover ran out of oxygen in the damaged aircraft and how she slowly died drifting into the endless darkness.
:::'''Esther:''' ... For some reason, this tragic story just came to mind today. Thought I'd share it with you.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000254_472-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000254_472-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The researcher in the story is...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025415-->
::::'''Esther:''' Ha, that's not important. I'm just telling a story. Any resemblance to real-life events is purely coincidental.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She gave her life for "justice."
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025417-->
::::'''Esther:''' Yes, she was a real hero.
::::'''Esther:''' After her death, the researchers reexamined the question of justice. If we spend our whole life debating justice but choose to stand idly by when there are actual injustices happening all over the cosmos, then what we're really doing is just making a mockery of justice.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This must have been tormenting for him.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025420-->
::::'''Esther:''' Maybe. However, I believe that in his long life, he must have found a way to make up for the past and obtain peace.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200025421-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025421-->
:::'''Esther:''' Well, that's all for today. Please take these rewards. I hope to see you again in the future.
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I have other matters to attend to...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025424-->
:::'''Esther:''' I see. Please take these rewards. I hope to see you again in the future.
::'''Esther:''' After all, there are still many secrets in this world waiting to be unearthed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200011225-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200011226,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200011226,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200011226: Config/Level/Mission/2000112/Act/Act200011226.json-->
:'''Esther:''' Three. Not one too many. You've worked hard, young one. Sit down and have a rest.
:'''Esther:''' In return, I want to tell you a story I heard god knows when. You want to hear it?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000254_462-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000254_462-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go on.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025406-->
::'''Esther:''' Once, in the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, there were two well-known young people. They were not only comrades in arms with similar interests but also a couple who pushed each other to become better.
::'''Esther:''' They were committed to fighting for the weak and upholding justice for those who were trampled by Aeons and their factions.
::'''Esther:''' Until one day, justice was no longer just an ideal. A Lord Ravager came to the female researcher's hometown, and her home planet was about to be destroyed. For the first time ever, the two disagreed on how justice should be implemented in this scenario.
::'''Esther:''' The female researcher chose to return to her home planet alone to alert them of the disaster, but unexpectedly, an accident occurred during her journey.
::'''Esther:''' At the time, the star rail was blocked by a Stellaron and her spacecraft was also stranded in the path of the Antimatter Legion. In absolute fear, she chose to call the Herta Space Station for help.
::'''Esther:''' However, the space station had chosen to remain neutral in all actions involving the Aeons, and the operator responsible for relaying this ruthless message was none other than the male researcher himself.
::'''Esther:''' Through the radio, he personally witnessed how his stranded lover ran out of oxygen in the damaged aircraft and how she slowly died drifting into the endless darkness.
::'''Esther:''' ... For some reason, this tragic story just came to mind today. Thought I'd share it with you.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000254_472-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000254_472-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The researcher in the story is...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025415-->
:::'''Esther:''' Ha, that's not important. I'm just telling a story. Any resemblance to real-life events is purely coincidental.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She gave her life for "justice."
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025417-->
:::'''Esther:''' Yes, she was a real hero.
:::'''Esther:''' After her death, the researchers reexamined the question of justice. If we spend our whole life debating justice but choose to stand idly by when there are actual injustices happening all over the cosmos, then what we're really doing is just making a mockery of justice.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This must have been tormenting for him.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025420-->
:::'''Esther:''' Maybe. However, I believe that in his long life, he must have found a way to make up for the past and obtain peace.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200025421-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025421-->
::'''Esther:''' Well, that's all for today. Please take these rewards. I hope to see you again in the future.
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I have other matters to attend to...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025424-->
::'''Esther:''' I see. Please take these rewards. I hope to see you again in the future.
:'''Esther:''' After all, there are still many secrets in this world waiting to be unearthed.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200011226-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200011201
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200011225
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200011226
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200011201-->)
:{{DIcon}} 
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200011201: Config/Level/Mission/2000112/Act/Act200011201.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200024001-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024001-->
::'''Esther:''' One, two, three...
::'''Esther:''' One, two, three...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000240_8-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000240_8-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you exercising?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're responsible for all these archives?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ♪ One, two, three, one, two, three, drink... ♪
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024006-->
::'''Esther:''' Three. You see?
::'''Esther:''' Three are missing.
::'''Esther:''' Gotta find these videotapes.
::'''Esther:''' I know I am right about this. I may be getting old. I may have forgotten all about the Aeons... but I keep track of the number of these tapes like my life depends on it. Kid, you came just in time. If you have time, go find them for me.
::'''Esther:''' If you don't, then I suppose I'll have to get help from those old farts.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000240_18-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000240_18-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Old farts?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024012-->
:::'''Esther:''' Yeah. There's Wen Tianweng, who talks to machine parts all day in the maintenance room. Bernard in the Department of Cosmic Geography who gives nicknames to the scrolls and plants. And there's Gunn, who can lie through his teeth without a blink of an eye.
:::'''Esther:''' Yep, there's an old fart suited to every job.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Videotapes?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024015-->
:::'''Esther:''' The videotapes in the space station are different from ordinary ones. They are recordings of {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|wonders and mysteries}} you won't find anywhere. Because of this, they need to be looked after by specialized personnel.
:::'''Esther:''' This is a great learning opportunity for you. You should count yourself lucky.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's not trouble those old fa... elderly people.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024018-->
:::'''Esther:''' Good, good. We don't see many accommodating young fellows like you nowadays.
:::'''Esther:''' However, I have to remind you that the producers of these videotapes have implanted some defense mechanisms to help protect their secrets.
:::'''Esther:''' If you are not careful when touching the videotapes, best-case scenario is you will feel a little dizzy, and the data transfer may be forcibly interrupted. Worst-case scenario, it may cause abnormal behaviors, hallucination, and paranoia, eventually leading to memory and consciousness disorders.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000240_30-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000240_30-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Good thing I'm not interested in secrets.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024022-->
::::'''Esther:''' In this bizarre space station, sometimes even if you cover your eyes and ears, the information destined for you will still find a way into your brain.
::::'''Esther:''' Secrets choose their witnesses &mdash; this is a fundamental belief of the Department of Insight.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "It's A Trap!"
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024025-->
::::'''Esther:''' Not so much of a trap. It's just a result of the constant arms race between researchers vying to be the best at what they do. They simply used a certain kind of technology to turn away those deemed unworthy from accessing information.
::::'''Esther:''' Malicious baits are deeply embedded in the information by means of flashing visual stimuli and inaudible ultrasound waves, thus manipulating the subconscious to inflict harm on the subject.
::::'''Esther:''' Consciousness, preconsciousness, and subconsciousness; self, ego, and superego; imagination, symbolism, reality, and so on. The labyrinth of the human mind is a compulsory subject that almost all space station researchers are proficient in.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is it too late for me to refuse now?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024029-->
::::'''Esther:''' Stop being coy with me. I have met a lot of people in my life. You don't seem to be the kind who would refuse secrets.
::::'''Esther:''' If I tell you not to think about an elephant &mdash; then images of the large gray animal must be all over your mind.
::::'''Esther:''' And now I've told you everything about the videotapes &mdash; you won't easily forget about the danger until you find out the secrets.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200024032-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200024032-->
:::'''Esther:''' I am guessing someone took advantage of the Legion's invasion and snatched the videotapes when the master control zone was unguarded.
:::'''Esther:''' There are no borrowing records, indicating that the suspect is unwilling to expose their identity. There was no sign of damage, indicating that they were not trying to destroy those videotapes but to view the secret within.
:::'''Esther:''' The device for playing those videotapes is located in the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|safe area of the supply zone}}. If you go there, you may find some clues.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200011201-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200011225--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200011201-->)
:{{DIcon}} 
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200011225: Config/Level/Mission/2000112/Act/Act200011225.json-->
::'''Esther:''' Experience other people's lives with your very own eyes. That is the charm of those videos.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000254_457-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000254_457-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I brought them all back.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025403-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 200011225,
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": 18096028862919064994
	},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlaySimpleTalk",
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 200025403,
					"ProtectTime": 0.3
				},
				{
					"TalkSentenceID": 200025404
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.WaitSimpleTalkFinish"
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomString",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Wait_Option_2000254_462"
			}
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {}
}</pre>
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200011226-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200011225-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200011201-->)
:{{DIcon}} 
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200011226: Config/Level/Mission/2000112/Act/Act200011226.json-->
::'''Esther:''' Three. Not one too many. You've worked hard, young one. Sit down and have a rest.
::'''Esther:''' In return, I want to tell you a story I heard god knows when. You want to hear it?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000254_462-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000254_462-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000254_462-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go on.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025406-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025406-->
:::'''Esther:''' Once, in the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, there were two well-known young people. They were not only comrades in arms with similar interests but also a couple who pushed each other to become better.
:::'''Esther:''' They were committed to fighting for the weak and upholding justice for those who were trampled by Aeons and their factions.
:::'''Esther:''' Until one day, justice was no longer just an ideal. A Lord Ravager came to the female researcher's hometown, and her home planet was about to be destroyed. For the first time ever, the two disagreed on how justice should be implemented in this scenario.
:::'''Esther:''' The female researcher chose to return to her home planet alone to alert them of the disaster, but unexpectedly, an accident occurred during her journey.
:::'''Esther:''' At the time, the star rail was blocked by a Stellaron and her spacecraft was also stranded in the path of the Antimatter Legion. In absolute fear, she chose to call the Herta Space Station for help.
:::'''Esther:''' However, the space station had chosen to remain neutral in all actions involving the Aeons, and the operator responsible for relaying this ruthless message was none other than the male researcher himself.
:::'''Esther:''' Through the radio, he personally witnessed how his stranded lover ran out of oxygen in the damaged aircraft and how she slowly died drifting into the endless darkness.
:::'''Esther:''' ... For some reason, this tragic story just came to mind today. Thought I'd share it with you.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000254_472-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000254_472-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000254_472-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The researcher in the story is...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025415-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025415-->
::::'''Esther:''' Ha, that's not important. I'm just telling a story. Any resemblance to real-life events is purely coincidental.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She gave her life for "justice."
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025417-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025417-->
::::'''Esther:''' Yes, she was a real hero.
::::'''Esther:''' After her death, the researchers reexamined the question of justice. If we spend our whole life debating justice but choose to stand idly by when there are actual injustices happening all over the cosmos, then what we're really doing is just making a mockery of justice.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This must have been tormenting for him.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025420-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025420-->
::::'''Esther:''' Maybe. However, I believe that in his long life, he must have found a way to make up for the past and obtain peace.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200025421-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025421-->
:::'''Esther:''' Well, that's all for today. Please take these rewards. I hope to see you again in the future.
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I have other matters to attend to...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025424-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025424-->
:::'''Esther:''' I see. Please take these rewards. I hope to see you again in the future.
::'''Esther:''' After all, there are still many secrets in this world waiting to be unearthed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Go on.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025406-->
:::'''Esther:''' Once, in the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, there were two well-known young people. They were not only comrades in arms with similar interests but also a couple who pushed each other to become better.
:::'''Esther:''' They were committed to fighting for the weak and upholding justice for those who were trampled by Aeons and their factions.
:::'''Esther:''' Until one day, justice was no longer just an ideal. A Lord Ravager came to the female researcher's hometown, and her home planet was about to be destroyed. For the first time ever, the two disagreed on how justice should be implemented in this scenario.
:::'''Esther:''' The female researcher chose to return to her home planet alone to alert them of the disaster, but unexpectedly, an accident occurred during her journey.
:::'''Esther:''' At the time, the star rail was blocked by a Stellaron and her spacecraft was also stranded in the path of the Antimatter Legion. In absolute fear, she chose to call the Herta Space Station for help.
:::'''Esther:''' However, the space station had chosen to remain neutral in all actions involving the Aeons, and the operator responsible for relaying this ruthless message was none other than the male researcher himself.
:::'''Esther:''' Through the radio, he personally witnessed how his stranded lover ran out of oxygen in the damaged aircraft and how she slowly died drifting into the endless darkness.
:::'''Esther:''' ... For some reason, this tragic story just came to mind today. Thought I'd share it with you.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000254_472-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000254_472-->
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The researcher in the story is...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025415-->
::::'''Esther:''' Ha, that's not important. I'm just telling a story. Any resemblance to real-life events is purely coincidental.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} She gave her life for "justice."
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025417-->
::::'''Esther:''' Yes, she was a real hero.
::::'''Esther:''' After her death, the researchers reexamined the question of justice. If we spend our whole life debating justice but choose to stand idly by when there are actual injustices happening all over the cosmos, then what we're really doing is just making a mockery of justice.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This must have been tormenting for him.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025420-->
::::'''Esther:''' Maybe. However, I believe that in his long life, he must have found a way to make up for the past and obtain peace.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200025421-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025421-->
:::'''Esther:''' Well, that's all for today. Please take these rewards. I hope to see you again in the future.
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I have other matters to attend to...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200025424-->
:::'''Esther:''' I see. Please take these rewards. I hope to see you again in the future.
::'''Esther:''' After all, there are still many secrets in this world waiting to be unearthed.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200011226-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Esther
|zhs  = 以斯帖
|zht  = 以斯帖
|ja   = エステル
|ko   = 에스더
|es   = Esther
|fr   = Esther
|ru   = Эстер
|th   = Esther
|vi   = Esther
|de   = Esther
|id   = Esther
|pt   = Esther
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}