<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hinkel#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Head of Ecology
|image           = NPC Hinkel.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Master Control Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hinkel''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Master Control Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Master Control Zone|npc_8_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010105_100-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010105_100-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there anything I can help you with?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010214-->
::'''Hinkel:''' I'm afraid not.
::'''Hinkel:''' As a guest from the Astral Express, you should stay in a safer area.
::'''Hinkel:''' This job is very dangerous. If anything happens to you, I really don't know how I would explain it to Asta.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} It must be dangerous to establish safe zones, right?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010218-->
::'''Hinkel:''' Remnants of the Legion are taking advantage of the complex terrain there to hide in.
::'''Hinkel:''' You might get ambushed if you are not careful.
::'''Hinkel:''' However, we will proceed with safety as our top priority. We are not in a rush. Don't worry.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are the main aspects of the work regarding post-disaster recovery?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010222-->
::'''Hinkel:''' Apart from infrastructure maintenance, the most important aspect is the staff's mental health.
::'''Hinkel:''' Disasters are physically destructive, but the buildings can be rebuilt. It is the human heart that is irreparable.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Thank you for your hard work. I don't have any other questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010225-->
::'''Hinkel:''' Thank you for your understanding. Please stay away from the affected areas that have not opened up yet. Stay safe.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:'''Hinkel:''' Let me know if you have any questions. I'm very busy with the post-disaster recovery work.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:'''Hinkel:''' Thank you for your understanding. Please stay away from the affected areas that have not opened up yet. Stay safe.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000019: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500000201.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010202-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010202-->
::'''Hinkel:''' To not waste any personnel or resources, let's allocate our supplies as quickly as possible.
::'''Hinkel:''' I need a comprehensive damage evaluation of the Curios as soon as possible.
::'''Hinkel:''' ...With all due respect, you've been watching me for a while as I command the reconstruction and revival of the space station. How may I help you?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010105_88-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010105_88-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you responsible for the space station revival?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010206-->
:::'''Hinkel:''' I'm Hinkel, head of the Department of Ecology. I'm currently in charge of post-disaster recovery and the establishment of safe zones.
:::'''Hinkel:''' If you are an outsider, you should leave. Do not interfere with our work.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How long will it take to complete the restoration?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010209-->
:::'''Hinkel:''' It's hard to say, but we promise that the space station will resume normal operation as soon as possible.
:::'''Hinkel:''' Currently, the progress of establishing safe zones is slow. Remnants of the Legion are still entrenched in the ruins.
:::'''Hinkel:''' Please don't go there in case it gets dangerous.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010105_97-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010105_97-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000020: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500000200.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::'''Hinkel:''' Let me know if you have any questions. I'm very busy with the post-disaster recovery work.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405002902-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} About the resource supply agreement...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 405002901: Config/Level/Mission/4050029/Act/Act405002901.json-->
::'''Hinkel:''' Oh, it just so happens that the Seed Isle has newly developed a batch of meal replacement foods. Hold on, I need to get the process done on the terminal.
::'''Hinkel:''' Found it. Please sign here. Since you are taking the resource supplies for someone else, you need to write down both your name and your client's name.
::'''Hinkel:''' Agent: (Trailblazer), Consignor: Pom-Pom. OK, identification passed. I will arrange for staff to transport the things you need for you later.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_405002902-->
:{{DIcon}} I have a few more questions for you...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010105_100-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010105_100-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there anything I can help you with?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010214-->
:::'''Hinkel:''' I'm afraid not.
:::'''Hinkel:''' As a guest from the Astral Express, you should stay in a safer area.
:::'''Hinkel:''' This job is very dangerous. If anything happens to you, I really don't know how I would explain it to Asta.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} It must be dangerous to establish safe zones, right?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010218-->
:::'''Hinkel:''' Remnants of the Legion are taking advantage of the complex terrain there to hide in.
:::'''Hinkel:''' You might get ambushed if you are not careful.
:::'''Hinkel:''' However, we will proceed with safety as our top priority. We are not in a rush. Don't worry.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are the main aspects of the work regarding post-disaster recovery?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010222-->
:::'''Hinkel:''' Apart from infrastructure maintenance, the most important aspect is the staff's mental health.
:::'''Hinkel:''' Disasters are physically destructive, but the buildings can be rebuilt. It is the human heart that is irreparable.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Thank you for your hard work. I don't have any other questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010225-->
:::'''Hinkel:''' Thank you for your understanding. Please stay away from the affected areas that have not opened up yet. Stay safe.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I shouldn't keep you.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::'''Hinkel:''' Thank you for your understanding. Please stay away from the affected areas that have not opened up yet. Stay safe.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_405290202)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_405290202-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hinkel
|zhs  = 辛克尔
|zht  = 辛克爾
|ja   = シンクル
|ko   = 힌켈
|es   = Hinkel
|fr   = Hinkel
|ru   = Хинкель
|th   = Hinkel
|vi   = Hinkel
|de   = Hinkel
|id   = Hinkel
|pt   = Hinkel
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}