<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Lamina#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Lv. 3 Ecology Researcher
|image           = NPC Lamina.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Master Control Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Lamina''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Master Control Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Master Control Zone|npc_61_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500209400_287-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500209400_287-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About Capote...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500209404-->
::'''Lamina:''' He's actually been to see me, and his attitude was... a bit weird. I'm not saying he did anything funny, just... for someone who's usually so high and mighty to suddenly act so low feels really weird.
::'''Lamina:''' I couldn't even say anything when he stated how deeply he had reflected on himself and how sorry he was.
::'''Lamina:''' I don't know if I've totally put that time behind me and didn't care about what he could have said, or I never thought he'd apologize and was surprised he actually did it.
::'''Lamina:''' Anyways, I couldn't say anything to him and gave him zero responses.
::'''Lamina:''' But now that I think about it, he did show a look that I had never seen on his face before. Maybe that's... a "sincere" look? I hope he can keep being so sincere in the future.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are your plans for the future?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500209410-->
::'''Lamina:''' Well... I've been doing mundane work all this time, but I somehow got to know lots of people in different departments.
::'''Lamina:''' Maybe a bit of good luck actually came from this. Lots of the previous Capote Fan Club members are senior researchers with independent projects under their care.
::'''Lamina:''' We knew each other because of our frequent interactions before. They got me to apply for some internal positions, and I managed to pass the interviews for a few projects. I'll probably be a "researcher" by the next time we meet.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} You are a very brave person.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500209414-->
::'''Lamina:''' I don't know about being brave...
::'''Lamina:''' If I really am brave, shouldn't I have said no to him the first time he oppressed me? Or should I have talked with him earlier, so that things wouldn't have to go down this way?
::'''Lamina:''' But instead of blaming myself for not having done enough, it's better to just admit that I've changed. I chose to face myself in this way and closed that chapter of my past.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all for now.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500209419-->
::'''Lamina:''' I'm going to start preparing for the preliminary work of the research project now. Hope we get the chance to chat again in the future.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Lamina:''' Hey, we meet again. What can I help you with?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Lamina:''' Anyways, thank you for saying these things to me.
:'''Lamina:''' I'm going to start preparing for the preliminary work of the research project now. Hope we get the chance to chat again in the future.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000015: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500000905.json-->
::'''Lamina:''' Ah... it's you, (Trailblazer). Long time no see. What can I help you &mdash; Ah, sorry, I sometimes still revert to my old secretary mode.
::'''Lamina:''' I don't need to play the role of that man's personal secretary anymore. It takes a bit of time to adjust, but I know I'll get better at it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It feels like you're a lot more energized than before.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500209304-->
:::'''Lamina:''' I did have some difficulties at first. After all, it was kind of hard to re-position myself when such a busy work schedule just suddenly stopped.
:::'''Lamina:''' But I soon realized many previous Capote fans were in the same boat as me. We all felt a part of our lives was forcibly taken from us, and we can't help but feel empty.
:::'''Lamina:''' So, we banded together and met up frequently to talk about our lives and work. Now everyone feels much better.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How does life feel nowadays?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500209308-->
:::'''Lamina:''' Feels... "new," I guess?
:::'''Lamina:''' I did have some plans for self-development when I first arrived at the space station, but those plans were all worn away during my time working as Capote's secretary.
:::'''Lamina:''' Now that I'm free, I feel like I'm a newcomer at the space station once again. Everything seems so new and the future is so full of possibilities.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000016: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500000904.json-->
::'''Lamina:''' Hey, we meet again. What can I help you with?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I want to chat with you more.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500209400_287-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500209400_287-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About Capote...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500209404-->
:::'''Lamina:''' He's actually been to see me, and his attitude was... a bit weird. I'm not saying he did anything funny, just... for someone who's usually so high and mighty to suddenly act so low feels really weird.
:::'''Lamina:''' I couldn't even say anything when he stated how deeply he had reflected on himself and how sorry he was.
:::'''Lamina:''' I don't know if I've totally put that time behind me and didn't care about what he could have said, or I never thought he'd apologize and was surprised he actually did it.
:::'''Lamina:''' Anyways, I couldn't say anything to him and gave him zero responses.
:::'''Lamina:''' But now that I think about it, he did show a look that I had never seen on his face before. Maybe that's... a "sincere" look? I hope he can keep being so sincere in the future.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are your plans for the future?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500209410-->
:::'''Lamina:''' Well... I've been doing mundane work all this time, but I somehow got to know lots of people in different departments.
:::'''Lamina:''' Maybe a bit of good luck actually came from this. Lots of the previous Capote Fan Club members are senior researchers with independent projects under their care.
:::'''Lamina:''' We knew each other because of our frequent interactions before. They got me to apply for some internal positions, and I managed to pass the interviews for a few projects. I'll probably be a "researcher" by the next time we meet.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You are a very brave person.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500209414-->
:::'''Lamina:''' I don't know about being brave...
:::'''Lamina:''' If I really am brave, shouldn't I have said no to him the first time he oppressed me? Or should I have talked with him earlier, so that things wouldn't have to go down this way?
:::'''Lamina:''' But instead of blaming myself for not having done enough, it's better to just admit that I've changed. I chose to face myself in this way and closed that chapter of my past.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all for now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500209419-->
:::'''Lamina:''' I'm going to start preparing for the preliminary work of the research project now. Hope we get the chance to chat again in the future.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have anything else to say.
::'''Lamina:''' Anyways, thank you for saying these things to me.
::'''Lamina:''' I'm going to start preparing for the preliminary work of the research project now. Hope we get the chance to chat again in the future.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_500209328)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500209328-->
::'''Lamina:''' I'm going to start preparing for the preliminary work of the research project now. Hope we get the chance to chat again in the future.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Lamina
|zhs  = 拉明娜
|zht  = 拉明娜
|ja   = ラミナ
|ko   = 라미나
|es   = Lamina
|fr   = Lamina
|ru   = Ламина
|th   = Lamina
|vi   = Lamina
|de   = Lamina
|id   = Lamina
|pt   = Lamina
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}