<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Lukacs#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Lv. 2 Geopolitics Researcher
|image           = NPC Lukacs.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Master Control Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Lukacs''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Master Control Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Master Control Zone|npc_28_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500011120-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011120-->
:'''Lukacs:''' Any questions you have, my friend. I will tell you everything I know to solve all the questions in your heart.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010114_726-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010114_726-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you want to protect the rights and interests of non-human creatures?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011122-->
::'''Lukacs:''' Good question! Only by understanding the motives behind the actions can mutual understanding be truly achieved.
::'''Lukacs:''' Among the countless Curio collections of the space station, life does not only exist in the human receptacle.
::'''Lukacs:''' They often inhabit places that humans can't imagine &mdash; such as a table or a cup.
::'''Lukacs:''' However, just because their appearances are not understood by humans, their lives are not valued!
::'''Lukacs:''' How ridiculous? How can anyone segregate life into different levels just because of their external forms?
::'''Lukacs:''' For this very reason, I decided to establish the Mimicry Protection Association to protect the rights and interests of non-human creatures.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What have you done as the president of the Mimicry Protection Association?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011129-->
::'''Lukacs:''' I am powerless on my own. My influence may disappoint you.
::'''Lukacs:''' But I swear on my soul that I never treated this matter with any less importance. Every day, I work hard to promote the Mimicry Protection Association!
::'''Lukacs:''' Other than recruiting like-minded people like now, I also compiled the ''Robot Slavery Abolition Act''. Although it is only a draft, I've got the preliminary framework set up.
::'''Lukacs:''' Have some faith in the future. I'm sure we can change this cold-blooded status quo!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What are the other people's perspectives on your actions?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011134-->
::'''Lukacs:''' Unfortunately, most of the researchers here are selfish. They care too much about short-term interests. They are more willing to put their efforts into things like promotion and salary.
::'''Lukacs:''' I'll be honest with you. They think my idea is premature and unrealistic.
::'''Lukacs:''' But fortunately, once in a while I meet people like you who share the ambition. It gives me faith to stick to the right path.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011138-->
::'''Lukacs:''' Although we didn't chat long, I can feel that you already understood everything I try to express.
::'''Lukacs:''' I hope we can make more efforts in protecting the rights and interests of non-human creatures in the future!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:'''Lukacs:''' It's been a while, my friend. What have you been doing? Let me know if you need my help! It's my life motto to help my friends the best I can!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:'''Lukacs:''' Although we didn't chat long, I can feel that you already understood everything I try to express.
:'''Lukacs:''' I hope we can make more efforts in protecting the rights and interests of non-human creatures in the future!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000007: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500001101.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500011102-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011102-->
::'''Lukacs:''' Raise your proud heads! Don't try to deceive yourself by ignoring the tragedies right in front of your eyes!
::'''Lukacs:''' Have you ever thought about the feeling of the robot arm when you order a cup of latte that requires 1,000 wisks?
::'''Lukacs:''' Did it ever occur to you that the non-human Curios can also feel pain when you cast excessive external stimulation to it just to see its unique response?
::'''Lukacs:''' Emotion is not exclusive to humans. Facing the tragedy of non-human creatures around you is the first step to truly understand love!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010114_707-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010114_707-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How can you protect the rights and interests of non-human creatures?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011107-->
:::'''Lukacs:''' Oh, great! After yelling and shouting for a whole day, there's finally someone who understands me!
:::'''Lukacs:''' My brethern, my compatriot, please allow me to introduce myself.
:::'''Lukacs:''' My name is Lukacs. I am currently the president of the Mimicry Protection Association and a researcher at the Department of Galactic Geopolitics.
:::'''Lukacs:''' The protection of non-human creatures' rights and interests is a rather macro topic. If you are in a hurry, I can only give you a brief introduction.
:::'''Lukacs:''' Let's start from the most simple aspect &mdash; the last Legion invasion. People were desperate to escape but no one cared about the safety of the Curios!
:::'''Lukacs:''' This is the space station's current situation. It's also a representation that the non-human creatures' rights are not protected!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How can we alleviate the enslavement of robots?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011114-->
:::'''Lukacs:''' You hit the nail on the head, my friend.
:::'''Lukacs:''' I can see you have sharp eyes and you are good at spotting the most essential pain point of the issue.
:::'''Lukacs:''' I'm sure everyone can see the level of science and technology in the space station. However, people show no respect for machines.
:::'''Lukacs:''' People get rid of them when broken, and replace them when they start to slow down. It's a very dangerous mindset.
:::'''Lukacs:''' This is the current situation! It is very bad!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010114_722-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010114_722-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000008: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500001100.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::'''Lukacs:''' It's been a while, my friend. What have you been doing? Let me know if you need my help! It's my life motto to help my friends the best I can!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I still got some questions for you...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500011120-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011120-->
::'''Lukacs:''' Any questions you have, my friend. I will tell you everything I know to solve all the questions in your heart.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010114_726-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010114_726-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why do you want to protect the rights and interests of non-human creatures?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011122-->
:::'''Lukacs:''' Good question! Only by understanding the motives behind the actions can mutual understanding be truly achieved.
:::'''Lukacs:''' Among the countless Curio collections of the space station, life does not only exist in the human receptacle.
:::'''Lukacs:''' They often inhabit places that humans can't imagine &mdash; such as a table or a cup.
:::'''Lukacs:''' However, just because their appearances are not understood by humans, their lives are not valued!
:::'''Lukacs:''' How ridiculous? How can anyone segregate life into different levels just because of their external forms?
:::'''Lukacs:''' For this very reason, I decided to establish the Mimicry Protection Association to protect the rights and interests of non-human creatures.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What have you done as the president of the Mimicry Protection Association?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011129-->
:::'''Lukacs:''' I am powerless on my own. My influence may disappoint you.
:::'''Lukacs:''' But I swear on my soul that I never treated this matter with any less importance. Every day, I work hard to promote the Mimicry Protection Association!
:::'''Lukacs:''' Other than recruiting like-minded people like now, I also compiled the ''Robot Slavery Abolition Act''. Although it is only a draft, I've got the preliminary framework set up.
:::'''Lukacs:''' Have some faith in the future. I'm sure we can change this cold-blooded status quo!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are the other people's perspectives on your actions?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011134-->
:::'''Lukacs:''' Unfortunately, most of the researchers here are selfish. They care too much about short-term interests. They are more willing to put their efforts into things like promotion and salary.
:::'''Lukacs:''' I'll be honest with you. They think my idea is premature and unrealistic.
:::'''Lukacs:''' But fortunately, once in a while I meet people like you who share the ambition. It gives me faith to stick to the right path.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011138-->
:::'''Lukacs:''' Although we didn't chat long, I can feel that you already understood everything I try to express.
:::'''Lukacs:''' I hope we can make more efforts in protecting the rights and interests of non-human creatures in the future!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::'''Lukacs:''' Although we didn't chat long, I can feel that you already understood everything I try to express.
::'''Lukacs:''' I hope we can make more efforts in protecting the rights and interests of non-human creatures in the future!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Lukacs
|zhs  = 卢卡奇
|zht  = 盧卡奇
|ja   = ルカーチ
|ko   = 루카치
|es   = Lukacs
|fr   = Lukacs
|ru   = Лукач
|th   = Lukacs
|vi   = Lukacs
|de   = Lukacs
|id   = Lukacs
|pt   = Lukacs
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}