<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Maintenance Engineer#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = A Man Who Wishes Not to Be Named
|image           = NPC Maintenance Engineer.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Master Control Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Maintenance Engineer''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Master Control Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Master Control Zone|npc_92_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500002400: Config/Level/Mission/5000024/Act/Act500002400.json-->
::{{A|VO vo ambient w0 greeting staffAH 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w0 greeting staffAH 102.ogg}} '''Maintenance Engineer:''' Everyone is just data... Everyone. And she... She is no exception.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Even though I love her, so what... She's just another string of data... Sigh!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you in love? Who is "she"?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500002404-->
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Someone who broke my heart. Someone who made me laugh and cry. Someone who I longed for day and night.
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' And these three people respectively are... Aw, forget it. You're just a random stranger, so you wouldn't understand even if I told you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Data"? What data?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500002407-->
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Data relies upon a terminal device to sustain the will of the space station.
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' These are the truths that uphold the world. Those who fail to understand the laws of data are doomed to be deceived by the world.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500002409-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500002409-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' The light in here isn't as harsh as it is in other cabins. It's nice.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500002402: Config/Level/Mission/5000024/Act/Act500002402.json-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Everyone is just data... Everyone. And she... She is no exception.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Even though I love her, so what... She's just another string of data... Sigh!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405003502-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} About the resource supply agreement...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 405002907: Config/Level/Mission/4050029/Act/Act405002907.json-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' As before, the common parts are ready, and a little robot will be arranged to deliver them to you in a while.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' By the way, remember to give our robot's delivery service a good review!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_405003502-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 405002802-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} I want to borrow some little robots...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 405002802: Config/Level/Mission/4050028/Act/Act405002802.json-->
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' People who are obsessed with this kind of inferior machinery are a bit... Ahem... Oh, you are here to talk about work, sorry.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' You mean this kind of robot? Asta has ordered me to withdraw all of them and contact the after-sales service.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' These little robots always shut down automatically from time to time, and also report errors in navigation. I've researched them, and their underlying logic is a mess...
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' It's best not to use them.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_405002802-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_405002804-->
:{{DIcon}} I have some questions for you...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 500002401: Config/Level/Mission/5000024/Act/Act500002401.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500002400_21-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500002400_21-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What should I call you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500002412-->
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' There's no need for names between you and me, and I don't have to tell you mine. Because... I'm just another passerby in the story of your life.
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' ...Uh, but if any of your devices needs fixing, then you can just call out the same as everyone else: "Hey, Mister Fix-it" or "Maintenance Dude" &mdash; either's fine.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you explain it to me like I'm five...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500002415-->
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' If you get any IT problems, please pre-register via your terminal. And please don't ask me about any non-work-related matters.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you do around here? Don't you have to work?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500002417-->
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' My shift hasn't started yet, so those mortals will have to wait for rescue from their cold impersonal devices. These kinds of days are just so dull...
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Unfortunately, people like me are destined never to understand the mediocrity and joy of lives like yours. I bear the burden of loneliness for this whole room.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500002421-->
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' It must be really cool to have a well-lit cabin.
:::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Too bad I still like it in here &mdash; it's dark, so I feel safe...
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_500002401-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Well, then, I'd better leave you alone.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' It must be really cool to have a well-lit cabin.
::'''Maintenance Engineer:''' Too bad I still like it in here &mdash; it's dark, so I feel safe...
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_405290802)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_405290802-->
;(Unused &mdash; TalkSentence_405280302)
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_405280302-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Maintenance Engineer
|zhs  = 维修工程师
|zht  = 維修工程師
|ja   = メンテナンスエンジニア
|ko   = 수리 엔지니어
|es   = Ingeniero de mantenimiento
|fr   = Ingénieur de maintenance
|ru   = Инженер по техническому обслуживанию
|th   = วิศวกรซ่อมบำรุง
|vi   = Kỹ Sư Sửa Chữa
|de   = Wartungstechniker
|id   = Insinyur Pemeliharaan
|pt   = Engenheiro de Manutenção
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}