<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Man With Luscious Hair#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Man With Luscious Hair.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Master Control Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Man With Luscious Hair''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Master Control Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Master Control Zone|npc_26_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200031201,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200031201,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200031201: Config/Level/Mission/2000106/Act/Act200031201.json-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020601-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020601-->
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Hum! Nothing special, so boring here...
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Everyone is wearing the same clothes. This is an obliteration of the staff's individuality!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000206_37-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000206_37-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} This hairstyle is so cool!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020604-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Mm... not bad, you've got nice taste. The space station has a strict dress code for all researchers. I have to express myself with the smaller details.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Highlights? Too obscure. Bob cut? Too unsightly. Bald? Too hard to pull off. Now this hairstyle is just right. It's big, curly and puffy. It feels so good when I swing my head.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well... Didn't expect to be running into the fashion police today...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020607-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Fashion police? It's true, I do have quite the authority on fashion! So... Thanks!
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Your silver hair is not bad either. It seems you and I have similar tastes in hairstyle.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' The last person I connected with was a "screenwriter" on my home planet &mdash; we call them screenwriters. In the cosmos, you call them storytellers.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where did you get your hair done?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020611-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' As long as you are determined, anything is possible, anywhere! All you have to do is pick up some Dark Matches from the storage zone &mdash; Oh, although I heard all these things have been stolen by the Antimatter Legion &mdash; anyway, then you light up a bit of Lightless Phosphorous Powder on the experiment bench...
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Recite to yourself, "Babracadabra, make my wish plethora," then...
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Boom! There you have it! Your very own luscious hairstyle.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020614-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020614-->
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Okay, okay. Normally I am not supposed to talk to people outside of the Invincible Space Warhead Association. But after all, this is our {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|first}} conversation...
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' In the future, if we can't get what the other is talking about, then let's not waste each other's time.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200031201-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200031202,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200031202,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200031202: Config/Level/Mission/2000106/Act/Act200031202.json-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020701-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020701-->
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Hush... So you did come back for a {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|second}} conversation with me. Are you interested in learning about the Invincible Space Warhead Association?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000207_58-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000207_58-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} That sounds awesome!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020703-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Yeah, you are on the right track!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's just the Curlcademy, right?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020705-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Hey! What do you know!? It's important for an organization to have a cool name.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' According to your theory, the "Stellaron" everyone is scrambling for is just a &mdash; oh, forget it. I can't tell you this.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020707-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020707-->
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Right now, although the Invincible Space Warhead Association is still in its initial stage, we are having great momentum when it comes to expanding our numbers.
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Before long, we will have big, curly, puffy members in every hidden corner of the space station.
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Not to mention, we have secured investment capital from the Interastral Peace Corporation to study the correlation between Lightless Phosphorous Powder and hair volume.
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Now is a good chance to join us! When we develop into the Invincible Space Warhead Corporation, there will be no room for outsiders.
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' The way to join us is also very simple. First become big, curly and puffy, then you can sign up with me.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200031202-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200031203,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200031203,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200031203: Config/Level/Mission/2000106/Act/Act200031203.json-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020801-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020801-->
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Oh... Today is another big, curly, and puffy day.
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' With such a great feeling, are you still not impressed after having dealt with me {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|three}} times?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000208_76-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000208_76-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't you have to work?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020803-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' My experiment station got blown up after I recited "Babracadabra, make my wish plethora."
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' My research is suspended until the Security Department arranges a new station for me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Which department are you from?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020806-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Don't know, don't care. One day, there will be a Herta Department of Curlcademy in the space station, where all the hairstyle aficionados can gather and share knowledge about the art of hairstyling.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' I have already figured out the title of the paper we will publish in collaboration: "On the positive functional relationship between the concentration of scientists with luscious hairstyles and the prosperity and great discoveries of the universe."
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200031203-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200031204,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200031204,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200031204: Config/Level/Mission/2000106/Act/Act200031204.json-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020901-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020901-->
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Hum! Nothing special, it's so boring here... Everyone wears the same clothes.
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' You have appeared before me for the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|fourth}} time, and your clothes have never been changed... Now, I want to ask you a question.
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' How on earth are we supposed to recognize a researcher in a crowd?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000209_91-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000209_91-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} By their hair.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020904-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Well, my daughter used to say to me, "Daddy, you should get a more luscious hairstyle, then I can tell you apart from all the other old guys in your department."
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} By their clothes.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020906-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' No, this method is not scientific. My daughter worked it out a long time ago, "Daddy, you should get a more luscious hairstyle, then I can tell you apart from the other old guys in your department."
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020907-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020907-->
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' I didn't listen to her until the Legion invaded. She called out my name, but ran off in the opposite direction &mdash; she must have seen a staff member who looked similar to me.
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Later, I found that researcher who looked similar to me. He was lying face down on the platform. My girl was not far away.
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' I told her... that Daddy will definitely get a more luscious hairstyle this time. However, her little hands had already gone cold.
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' The trouble is that there are now more and more members in the Invincible Space Warhead Association. In the future, how can we recognize a researcher in a crowd?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200031204-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200031205,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200031205,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200031205: Config/Level/Mission/2000106/Act/Act200031205.json-->
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' None of my belongings escaped that "Babracadabra" mishap. All that was left was a bunch of unrecognizable garbage.
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Whatever, they are merely worldly possessions anyway. At least I have my hair with me.
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Jeez... you again! If I am not mistaken, this is our {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|fifth}} encounter.
:'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' ...You've been pestering me for so long, I guess it was kind of entertaining. Here, take these &mdash; It's not because I'm too lazy to toss them out.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200031205-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200031201
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200031202
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200031203
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200031204
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200031205
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031201-->)
:{{DIcon}} Sensitive Beings (I)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200031201: Config/Level/Mission/2000106/Act/Act200031201.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020601-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020601-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Hum! Nothing special, so boring here...
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Everyone is wearing the same clothes. This is an obliteration of the staff's individuality!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000206_37-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000206_37-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This hairstyle is so cool!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020604-->
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Mm... not bad, you've got nice taste. The space station has a strict dress code for all researchers. I have to express myself with the smaller details.
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Highlights? Too obscure. Bob cut? Too unsightly. Bald? Too hard to pull off. Now this hairstyle is just right. It's big, curly and puffy. It feels so good when I swing my head.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well... Didn't expect to be running into the fashion police today...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020607-->
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Fashion police? It's true, I do have quite the authority on fashion! So... Thanks!
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Your silver hair is not bad either. It seems you and I have similar tastes in hairstyle.
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' The last person I connected with was a "screenwriter" on my home planet &mdash; we call them screenwriters. In the cosmos, you call them storytellers.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Where did you get your hair done?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020611-->
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' As long as you are determined, anything is possible, anywhere! All you have to do is pick up some Dark Matches from the storage zone &mdash; Oh, although I heard all these things have been stolen by the Antimatter Legion &mdash; anyway, then you light up a bit of Lightless Phosphorous Powder on the experiment bench...
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Recite to yourself, "Babracadabra, make my wish plethora," then...
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Boom! There you have it! Your very own luscious hairstyle.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020614-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020614-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Okay, okay. Normally I am not supposed to talk to people outside of the Invincible Space Warhead Association. But after all, this is our {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|first}} conversation...
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' In the future, if we can't get what the other is talking about, then let's not waste each other's time.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200031201-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031202--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031201-->)
:{{DIcon}} Sensitive Beings (I)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200031202: Config/Level/Mission/2000106/Act/Act200031202.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020701-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020701-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Hush... So you did come back for a {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|second}} conversation with me. Are you interested in learning about the Invincible Space Warhead Association?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000207_58-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000207_58-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That sounds awesome!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020703-->
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Yeah, you are on the right track!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's just the Curlcademy, right?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020705-->
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Hey! What do you know!? It's important for an organization to have a cool name.
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' According to your theory, the "Stellaron" everyone is scrambling for is just a &mdash; oh, forget it. I can't tell you this.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020707-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020707-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Right now, although the Invincible Space Warhead Association is still in its initial stage, we are having great momentum when it comes to expanding our numbers.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Before long, we will have big, curly, puffy members in every hidden corner of the space station.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Not to mention, we have secured investment capital from the Interastral Peace Corporation to study the correlation between Lightless Phosphorous Powder and hair volume.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Now is a good chance to join us! When we develop into the Invincible Space Warhead Corporation, there will be no room for outsiders.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' The way to join us is also very simple. First become big, curly and puffy, then you can sign up with me.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200031202-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031203-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031202-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031201-->)
:{{DIcon}} Sensitive Beings (I)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200031203: Config/Level/Mission/2000106/Act/Act200031203.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020801-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020801-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Oh... Today is another big, curly, and puffy day.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' With such a great feeling, are you still not impressed after having dealt with me {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|three}} times?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000208_76-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000208_76-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't you have to work?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020803-->
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' My experiment station got blown up after I recited "Babracadabra, make my wish plethora."
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' My research is suspended until the Security Department arranges a new station for me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Which department are you from?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020806-->
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Don't know, don't care. One day, there will be a Herta Department of Curlcademy in the space station, where all the hairstyle aficionados can gather and share knowledge about the art of hairstyling.
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' I have already figured out the title of the paper we will publish in collaboration: "On the positive functional relationship between the concentration of scientists with luscious hairstyles and the prosperity and great discoveries of the universe."
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200031203-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031204-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031203-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031202-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031201-->)
:{{DIcon}} Sensitive Beings (I)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200031204: Config/Level/Mission/2000106/Act/Act200031204.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020901-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020901-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Hum! Nothing special, it's so boring here... Everyone wears the same clothes.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' You have appeared before me for the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|fourth}} time, and your clothes have never been changed... Now, I want to ask you a question.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' How on earth are we supposed to recognize a researcher in a crowd?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000209_91-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000209_91-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} By their hair.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020904-->
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Well, my daughter used to say to me, "Daddy, you should get a more luscious hairstyle, then I can tell you apart from all the other old guys in your department."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} By their clothes.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020906-->
:::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' No, this method is not scientific. My daughter worked it out a long time ago, "Daddy, you should get a more luscious hairstyle, then I can tell you apart from the other old guys in your department."
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200020907-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200020907-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' I didn't listen to her until the Legion invaded. She called out my name, but ran off in the opposite direction &mdash; she must have seen a staff member who looked similar to me.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Later, I found that researcher who looked similar to me. He was lying face down on the platform. My girl was not far away.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' I told her... that Daddy will definitely get a more luscious hairstyle this time. However, her little hands had already gone cold.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' The trouble is that there are now more and more members in the Invincible Space Warhead Association. In the future, how can we recognize a researcher in a crowd?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200031204-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031205-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031204-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031203-->, {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031202-->, and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200031201-->)
:{{DIcon}} Sensitive Beings (I)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200031205: Config/Level/Mission/2000106/Act/Act200031205.json-->
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' None of my belongings escaped that "Babracadabra" mishap. All that was left was a bunch of unrecognizable garbage.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Whatever, they are merely worldly possessions anyway. At least I have my hair with me.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' Jeez... you again! If I am not mistaken, this is our {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|fifth}} encounter.
::'''Man With Luscious Hair:''' ...You've been pestering me for so long, I guess it was kind of entertaining. Here, take these &mdash; It's not because I'm too lazy to toss them out.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200031205-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Man With Luscious Hair
|zhs  = 狂野爆炸头
|zht  = 狂野爆炸頭
|ja   = ワイルドアフロ
|ko   = 광야의 폭탄 머리
|es   = Hombre con permanente
|fr   = Homme avec une coupe disco
|ru   = Мужчина с пышной причёской
|th   = ชายในผมทรง Afro
|vi   = Người Đàn Ông Đầu Xù
|de   = Dauerwelle
|id   = Pria Rambut Kribo
|pt   = Homem com Permanente
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}