<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Rocky#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Lv. 2 Geography Researcher
|image           = NPC Rocky.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Master Control Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Rocky''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Master Control Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Master Control Zone|npc_5_400007}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200011001,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200011001,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200011001: Config/Level/Mission/2000110/Act/Act200011001.json-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200021001-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021001-->
:'''Rocky:''' Should I make it witty? Nah, maybe sentimental is better. Elegance? Well, I probably shouldn't use idioms in a poem.
:'''Rocky:''' Should I use "dark silk" or "white gown" here? Tsk... It's hurting my brain...
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000210_8-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000210_8-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing?
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021004-->
:'''Rocky:''' Oh, I am just writing a poem. Can't you see the drafts on the desk?
:'''Rocky:''' Oh, your interruption reminds me. How come Lesley still hasn't replied to my letters after all those poems I sent her?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000210_29-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000210_29-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is Lesley...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021053-->
::'''Bernard:''' Oh, Lesley is a prominent researcher in the Department of Insight, the only scholar who has visited the Abundance segmentum this Amber Era.
::'''Bernard:''' You sure she has time for you?
::'''Rocky:''' Of course she does! Ever since Lesley left, we've been communicating on and off through the Cosmic Airwave Repeater.
::'''Rocky:''' She will never ignore me even though we are tens of thousands of light-years away.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do people here write letters too?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021057-->
::'''Rocky:''' Oh, don't get me wrong. I was not talking about paper letters. Ever since Lesley left, we've been communicating on and off through the Cosmic Airwave Repeater.
::'''Rocky:''' Even if we are tens of thousands of light-years apart, she still replies to my messages. Only this time...
::'''Bernard:''' She is a prominent researcher at the Department of Insight, the only scholar who has visited the Abundance segmentum in this Amber Era.
::'''Bernard:''' She must be very busy with her research. Don't expect her to keep answering you all the time!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000210_50-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000210_50-->
:'''Rocky:''' This is the only time she hasn't replied to me.
:'''Rocky:''' I... I confessed my love for her in my last letter. I usually just talk to her about the types of rock and mud we see in Department of Cosmic Geography...
:'''Bernard:''' Brat.
:'''Bernard:''' Show some respect to your own discipline, will you?
:'''Rocky:''' I really don't understand why Lesley stopped answering me after I confessed my love for her...
:'''Rocky:''' We used to chat about a lot of things, from which of the 101 Aeon instruments in the Department of Insight require Gunn's beard, to...
:'''Rocky:''' And about how to use Astro Rods to examine the quality of soil, thus determining the rise and fall of the inhabitants of the planet.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bro, you are very romantic.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021071-->
::'''Rocky:''' So this is romantic? Then we had even more "romantic" discussions.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ghosting you might just be her way of rejection.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021073-->
::'''Rocky:''' That's impossible. If she were to reject me, why would she talk to me so much? Besides...
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who the hell talks about mud with a girl...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021075-->
::'''Rocky:''' Mud... what's wrong with mud!? With Lesley, it's fun even when I talk about mud. Besides...
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200021076-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021076-->
:'''Rocky:''' During the communication where I confessed my love, she told me about a spectacular {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|starquake}}.
:'''Rocky:''' Think about it! A star DIED! Most people would try to hide, but not my Lesley. Not only did she get first-hand observational data, she even saved a cosmic hitchhiker who almost died!
:'''Rocky:''' You have no idea how happy she sounded in her reply. Even the Airwave Repeater signal was cheerful!
:'''Rocky:''' Whenever I receive a reply from her, I can't help but picture the smile on her face and I'd carve it on a rock.
:'''Rocky:''' Before the Legion invasion, I had a bunch of rocks all lined up in a row on my desk. Unfortunately, they went missing in the chaos.
:'''Bernard:''' Reckless romance.
:'''Bernard:''' It's detrimental to your research!
:'''Rocky:''' Anyway, there is no sign that she's going to reject me. If I don't receive her reply within the usual time frame... it means there must be something wrong with the Cosmic Airwave Repeater!
:'''Rocky:''' In my investigation, I found out that a group of Legion monsters occupied the area where the signals are transmitted. Can you help me find out what happened?
:'''Rocky:''' Can you help me find out what happened to the Airwave Repeater? My master wouldn't let me go...
:'''Bernard:''' Don't help him!
:'''Bernard:''' All he thinks about is the Airwave Repeater. He hasn't done any proper work for more than 10 days. Shame on you!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000210_103-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000210_103-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll help you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021088-->
::'''Rocky:''' Nice!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200021091-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} We may as well get this off his chest.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021089-->
::'''Bernard:''' Hmph! A bunch of hooligans...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200021091-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Shame on you!
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021091-->
:'''Rocky:''' Don't listen to my master! If you have the time to listen to him, you would've found the Cosmic Airwave Repeater already.
:'''Rocky:''' Listen, the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Airwave Repeater}} is next to the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Disposal Site}}! It is a massive warehouse for storing discarded Curios.
:'''Rocky:''' If you can resume our communication, I promise I'll reward you by inviting you to be our {{MC|f=bridesmaid|m=best man}}!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200011001-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200011009,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200011009,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200011009: Config/Level/Mission/2000110/Act/Act200011009.json-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200021801-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021801-->
:'''Rocky:''' Bro, you're back! While you were away, I wrote another poem called "Praise Lesley."
:'''Rocky:''' Did you fix the repeater? I see you are holding decoded backups... Hehe, which one is for me?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000218_336-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000218_336-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Red truth.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021804-->
::'''Rocky:''' You seem hesitant. Are you sure the red one is for me?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000218_342-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000218_342-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Blue lie.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021806-->
::'''Rocky:''' You seem hesitant. Are you sure the blue one is for me?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000218_3422-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000218_3422-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, I am.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021807-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ConsumeMissionItemPerformance",
	"SubMissionID": 200011010,
	"Desc": {
		"Hash": 1336016129373125522
	},
	"OnSubmitConfirm": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TriggerCustomStringOnDialogEnd",
			"CustomString": {
				"Value": "Mission_200011010"
			}
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	],
	"OnSubmitCancel": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndPerformance"
		}
	],
	"SimpleTalk": {}
}</pre>
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let me think...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021809-->
::'''Rocky:''' Sure, take your time.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200011001
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200011009
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200011001-->)
:{{DIcon}} 
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200011001: Config/Level/Mission/2000110/Act/Act200011001.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200021001-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021001-->
::'''Rocky:''' Should I make it witty? Nah, maybe sentimental is better. Elegance? Well, I probably shouldn't use idioms in a poem.
::'''Rocky:''' Should I use "dark silk" or "white gown" here? Tsk... It's hurting my brain...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000210_8-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000210_8-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021004-->
::'''Rocky:''' Oh, I am just writing a poem. Can't you see the drafts on the desk?
::'''Rocky:''' Oh, your interruption reminds me. How come Lesley still hasn't replied to my letters after all those poems I sent her?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000210_29-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000210_29-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is Lesley...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021053-->
:::'''Bernard:''' Oh, Lesley is a prominent researcher in the Department of Insight, the only scholar who has visited the Abundance segmentum this Amber Era.
:::'''Bernard:''' You sure she has time for you?
:::'''Rocky:''' Of course she does! Ever since Lesley left, we've been communicating on and off through the Cosmic Airwave Repeater.
:::'''Rocky:''' She will never ignore me even though we are tens of thousands of light-years away.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do people here write letters too?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021057-->
:::'''Rocky:''' Oh, don't get me wrong. I was not talking about paper letters. Ever since Lesley left, we've been communicating on and off through the Cosmic Airwave Repeater.
:::'''Rocky:''' Even if we are tens of thousands of light-years apart, she still replies to my messages. Only this time...
:::'''Bernard:''' She is a prominent researcher at the Department of Insight, the only scholar who has visited the Abundance segmentum in this Amber Era.
:::'''Bernard:''' She must be very busy with her research. Don't expect her to keep answering you all the time!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000210_50-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000210_50-->
::'''Rocky:''' This is the only time she hasn't replied to me.
::'''Rocky:''' I... I confessed my love for her in my last letter. I usually just talk to her about the types of rock and mud we see in Department of Cosmic Geography...
::'''Bernard:''' Brat.
::'''Bernard:''' Show some respect to your own discipline, will you?
::'''Rocky:''' I really don't understand why Lesley stopped answering me after I confessed my love for her...
::'''Rocky:''' We used to chat about a lot of things, from which of the 101 Aeon instruments in the Department of Insight require Gunn's beard, to...
::'''Rocky:''' And about how to use Astro Rods to examine the quality of soil, thus determining the rise and fall of the inhabitants of the planet.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Bro, you are very romantic.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021071-->
:::'''Rocky:''' So this is romantic? Then we had even more "romantic" discussions.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ghosting you might just be her way of rejection.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021073-->
:::'''Rocky:''' That's impossible. If she were to reject me, why would she talk to me so much? Besides...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who the hell talks about mud with a girl...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021075-->
:::'''Rocky:''' Mud... what's wrong with mud!? With Lesley, it's fun even when I talk about mud. Besides...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200021076-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021076-->
::'''Rocky:''' During the communication where I confessed my love, she told me about a spectacular {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|starquake}}.
::'''Rocky:''' Think about it! A star DIED! Most people would try to hide, but not my Lesley. Not only did she get first-hand observational data, she even saved a cosmic hitchhiker who almost died!
::'''Rocky:''' You have no idea how happy she sounded in her reply. Even the Airwave Repeater signal was cheerful!
::'''Rocky:''' Whenever I receive a reply from her, I can't help but picture the smile on her face and I'd carve it on a rock.
::'''Rocky:''' Before the Legion invasion, I had a bunch of rocks all lined up in a row on my desk. Unfortunately, they went missing in the chaos.
::'''Bernard:''' Reckless romance.
::'''Bernard:''' It's detrimental to your research!
::'''Rocky:''' Anyway, there is no sign that she's going to reject me. If I don't receive her reply within the usual time frame... it means there must be something wrong with the Cosmic Airwave Repeater!
::'''Rocky:''' In my investigation, I found out that a group of Legion monsters occupied the area where the signals are transmitted. Can you help me find out what happened?
::'''Rocky:''' Can you help me find out what happened to the Airwave Repeater? My master wouldn't let me go...
::'''Bernard:''' Don't help him!
::'''Bernard:''' All he thinks about is the Airwave Repeater. He hasn't done any proper work for more than 10 days. Shame on you!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000210_103-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000210_103-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll help you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021088-->
:::'''Rocky:''' Nice!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200021091-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We may as well get this off his chest.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021089-->
:::'''Bernard:''' Hmph! A bunch of hooligans...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200021091-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Shame on you!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021091-->
::'''Rocky:''' Don't listen to my master! If you have the time to listen to him, you would've found the Cosmic Airwave Repeater already.
::'''Rocky:''' Listen, the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Airwave Repeater}} is next to the {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|Disposal Site}}! It is a massive warehouse for storing discarded Curios.
::'''Rocky:''' If you can resume our communication, I promise I'll reward you by inviting you to be our {{MC|f=bridesmaid|m=best man}}!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200011001-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200011009--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200011001-->)
:{{DIcon}} 
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200011009: Config/Level/Mission/2000110/Act/Act200011009.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_200021801-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021801-->
::'''Rocky:''' Bro, you're back! While you were away, I wrote another poem called "Praise Lesley."
::'''Rocky:''' Did you fix the repeater? I see you are holding decoded backups... Hehe, which one is for me?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000218_336-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000218_336-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Red truth.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021804-->
:::'''Rocky:''' You seem hesitant. Are you sure the red one is for me?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000218_342-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000218_342-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Blue lie.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200021806-->
:::'''Rocky:''' You seem hesitant. Are you sure the blue one is for me?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_2000218_3422-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_2000218_3422-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Rocky
|zhs  = 洛奇
|zht  = 洛奇
|ja   = ロキ
|ko   = 록키
|es   = Rocky
|fr   = Rocky
|ru   = Рокки
|th   = Rocky
|vi   = Rocky
|de   = Rocky
|id   = Rocky
|pt   = Rocky
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}