<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Rocky#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Lv. 2 Geography Researcher
|image           = NPC Rocky.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Master Control Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Rocky''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Master Control Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Master Control Zone|npc_31_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010115_804-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010115_804-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} When will Lesley come back?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011218-->
::'''Rocky:''' Well... I'm not sure. After all, she's the only lucky one who got to visit the Abundance Segmentum in this Amber Era.
::'''Rocky:''' However, she is bathed in divine blessings every day over there. She must be much happier doing research with other outstanding researchers over there than staying on the space station.
::'''Rocky:''' Since it is such a happy experience for her, it must be enjoyable to stay there for a longer time, right?
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you like Lesley?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011222-->
::'''Rocky:''' Isn't it... Obvious? She is the one!
::'''Rocky:''' Unfortunately, I haven't officially confessed my love for her.
::'''Rocky:''' It's good though. That way I can have more time to pursue her and wait for her response!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Who are the scoundrels from the department next door?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011226-->
::'''Rocky:''' Those people? They are just a bunch of hooligans looking for trouble!
::'''Rocky:''' Different departments adopt different research methods. Academic conflict is normal. But some people just take things too personally and come harass other people.
::'''Rocky:''' That's why I often teach them a good lesson! I'll see if they still dare to look for troubles at the Department of Cosmic Geography!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011230-->
::'''Rocky:''' You didn't bother me. It's good to have someone talk to me and distract me.
::'''Rocky:''' After all, I shouldn't keep thinking about Lesley, should I?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:'''Rocky:''' It's been a while! Do you want to see my new carvings? The texture of this rock is very special!
:'''Rocky:''' My craftmanship has been improved. My carvings look more and more like her!
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
:'''Rocky:''' You didn't bother me. It's good to have someone talk to me and distract me.
:'''Rocky:''' After all, I shouldn't keep thinking about Lesley, should I?
:<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000011: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500001201.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500011202-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011202-->
::'''Rocky:''' I wonder how she's doing over there...
::'''Rocky:''' Sigh. I already lost count of how many times I've thought about her today.
::'''Rocky:''' Whenever I close my eyes, all I can think of is her face... How am I supposed to work?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010115_788-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010115_788-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who are you thinking about?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011206-->
:::'''Rocky:''' Hey! You scared me! I thought it was the scoundrels from the department next door looking for trouble here!
:::'''Rocky:''' I don't think I've seen you before. Are you a new researcher on the space station?
:::'''Rocky:''' My name is Rocky. I'm a researcher from the Department of Cosmic Geography.
:::'''Rocky:''' Who am I thinking about... Her name is Lesley. You may not have heard of the legends about her.
:::'''Rocky:''' Anyway, if you stay long enough on the space station, I'm sure you'll get to know her in the future.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Is she not on the space station?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011212-->
:::'''Rocky:''' As a celebrity researcher of the Department of Insight, she is on a visit to the Abundance segmentum.
:::'''Rocky:''' Thanks to technological development, although we don't get to see each other, we can communicate via other ways.
:::'''Rocky:''' Every time I think about her, I carve her face on a rock. Look at these rocks!
:::'''Rocky:''' But my crafting skill is not very good. The face I carve on the rocks doesn't really look like her. She looks much better than these!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000012: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500001200.json-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::'''Rocky:''' It's been a while! Do you want to see my new carvings? The texture of this rock is very special!
::'''Rocky:''' My craftmanship has been improved. My carvings look more and more like her!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I've got something to ask you.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500010115_804-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500010115_804-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} When will Lesley come back?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011218-->
:::'''Rocky:''' Well... I'm not sure. After all, she's the only lucky one who got to visit the Abundance Segmentum in this Amber Era.
:::'''Rocky:''' However, she is bathed in divine blessings every day over there. She must be much happier doing research with other outstanding researchers over there than staying on the space station.
:::'''Rocky:''' Since it is such a happy experience for her, it must be enjoyable to stay there for a longer time, right?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you like Lesley?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011222-->
:::'''Rocky:''' Isn't it... Obvious? She is the one!
:::'''Rocky:''' Unfortunately, I haven't officially confessed my love for her.
:::'''Rocky:''' It's good though. That way I can have more time to pursue her and wait for her response!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who are the scoundrels from the department next door?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011226-->
:::'''Rocky:''' Those people? They are just a bunch of hooligans looking for trouble!
:::'''Rocky:''' Different departments adopt different research methods. Academic conflict is normal. But some people just take things too personally and come harass other people.
:::'''Rocky:''' That's why I often teach them a good lesson! I'll see if they still dare to look for troubles at the Department of Cosmic Geography!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500011230-->
:::'''Rocky:''' You didn't bother me. It's good to have someone talk to me and distract me.
:::'''Rocky:''' After all, I shouldn't keep thinking about Lesley, should I?
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500010702-->
::'''Rocky:''' You didn't bother me. It's good to have someone talk to me and distract me.
::'''Rocky:''' After all, I shouldn't keep thinking about Lesley, should I?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Rocky
|zhs  = 洛奇
|zht  = 洛奇
|ja   = ロキ
|ko   = 록키
|es   = Rocky
|fr   = Rocky
|ru   = Рокки
|th   = Rocky
|vi   = Rocky
|de   = Rocky
|id   = Rocky
|pt   = Rocky
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}