<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Wen Shiling#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Lv. 2 Implement Researcher
|image           = NPC Wen Shiling.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Master Control Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Wen Shiling''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Master Control Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Master Control Zone|npc_30_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500214400_411-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500214400_411-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What report are you writing?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500214404-->
::'''Wen Shiling:''' A report that summarizes Capote's sins! I know a lot of secrets as his former top fan... Other people can't even imagine it!
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Pity that I'm writing so slowly. I blame Adler &mdash; he comes to bother me every day, otherwise I'd have finished this ages ago and published it on the space station's anonymous forum.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Did the Master Capote Fan Club disband?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500214407-->
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Of course it did! We couldn't get away fast enough. But I hear some people plan to keep supporting him and want to "be there for him as he changes."
::'''Wen Shiling:''' I don't get those people at all! Scoundrels like Capote don't deserve any care! I don't get it. I really don't!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Those Curios you gave Capote...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500214410-->
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Shhh! I told you that because we are friends, but that doesn't mean you can say it out loud! What if other people hear?
::'''Wen Shiling:''' I already got the relevant parties to take back those Curios. Don't you worry about it. Just treat it as water under the bridge! Don't mention it ever again!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500214414-->
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Just you wait, Capote! When I finished my work, tidied up the Curio report, supervised Curio reclamation, and went with Adler to... Ugh! How come I still have so much work to do!?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Wen Shiling:''' Firstly I need to do the inventory for reclaimed Curios, then do regular quality control at the warehouse, then I promised Adler to go find the weird thing that talks... Great, no time to write my report today either!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Wen Shiling:''' Just you wait, Capote! When I finished my work, tidied up the Curio report, supervised Curio reclamation, and went with Adler to... Ugh! How come I still have so much work to do!?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000009: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500001405.json-->
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Liars are unforgivable! Even death cannot redeem them!
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Hmph, I'm going to finish writing this report very soon... Just you wait, Capote!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Aren't you Master Capote's biggest fan?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500214304-->
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' Bah! I've never wronged you, so don't give me a title that brings bad luck!
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' It's all over once I stopped being his fan. Please show me some respect!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What did Capote do?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500214307-->
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' Don't you remember? You were there too! Ugh, I don't want to relive that terrible experience ever again.
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' Anyways, just remember that Capote is despicable!
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000010: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500001404.json-->
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Firstly I need to do the inventory for reclaimed Curios, then do regular quality control at the warehouse, then I promised Adler to go find the weird thing that talks... Great, no time to write my report today either!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} There's something else I want to ask.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500214400_411-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500214400_411-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What report are you writing?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500214404-->
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' A report that summarizes Capote's sins! I know a lot of secrets as his former top fan... Other people can't even imagine it!
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' Pity that I'm writing so slowly. I blame Adler &mdash; he comes to bother me every day, otherwise I'd have finished this ages ago and published it on the space station's anonymous forum.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Did the Master Capote Fan Club disband?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500214407-->
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' Of course it did! We couldn't get away fast enough. But I hear some people plan to keep supporting him and want to "be there for him as he changes."
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' I don't get those people at all! Scoundrels like Capote don't deserve any care! I don't get it. I really don't!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Those Curios you gave Capote...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500214410-->
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' Shhh! I told you that because we are friends, but that doesn't mean you can say it out loud! What if other people hear?
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' I already got the relevant parties to take back those Curios. Don't you worry about it. Just treat it as water under the bridge! Don't mention it ever again!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all questions I have.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500214414-->
:::'''Wen Shiling:''' Just you wait, Capote! When I finished my work, tidied up the Curio report, supervised Curio reclamation, and went with Adler to... Ugh! How come I still have so much work to do!?
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll leave you to it.
::'''Wen Shiling:''' Just you wait, Capote! When I finished my work, tidied up the Curio report, supervised Curio reclamation, and went with Adler to... Ugh! How come I still have so much work to do!?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Wen Shiling
|zhs  = 温世玲
|zht  = 溫世玲
|ja   = 温世玲
|ko   = 온세영
|es   = Wen Shiling
|fr   = Wen&nbsp;Shiling
|ru   = Вэнь Шилин
|th   = Wen Shiling
|vi   = Wen Shiling
|de   = Wen Shiling
|id   = Wen Shiling
|pt   = Wen Shiling
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}