<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Albus#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Collector
|image           = NPC Albus.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Albus''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_355_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504021005: Config/Level/Mission/5040210/Act/Act504021005.json-->
::'''Albus:''' Look, look &mdash; this object is obviously flawed, and they dare claim "their store is not responsible for product quality once a sale is finalized?" Do you think that's reasonable!? Completely unreasonable!
::'''Bolaris:''' Hm, it is rather obvious, isn't it... But it's not a big problem. I can patch that up for you.
::'''Albus:''' Of course I know it can be patched up. I'm just mad! I'd get it if they were just some small private workshop, but how can a legitimate store pull something like this?
::'''Albus:''' If you ask me, these outlanders just don't know how Okhema works! They sit around doing nothing and demand "payment in installments"! They give you three months after the presale to pay the deposit and by the time you make the final payment, six months have slipped by. Even then, it'll still be two months before you even get what you asked for!
::'''Albus:''' If I have to wait, fine, I can deal with that. But they ask an exorbitant price, the quality is rubbish, and they won't refund me! I don't care how novel and interesting they make their divine statues... I'm not buying a single one!
::'''Bolaris:''' Why not try somewhere more reliable next time? What about that kid Theodoros' place...
::'''Albus:''' Don't even get me started on him! Just thinking about him makes me mad! He was a good kid, but he's picked up all those outlanders' bad habits...
::'''Albus:''' You know about that Chrysos Heir dolia series, right? I liked the look of them and wanted to order a Kephale dolium for myself. Then he tells me I have to wait at least half a year for it! Don't you think that's ridiculous? Ridiculous, right!?
::'''Bolaris:''' Haha, there's no need to get so worked up. That series sold really well. He just can't keep up with the orders.
::'''Albus:''' Hmph... I have to admit, that kid does some good work. I bought that Twelve Titans statuette set a while back. The shape, the colors... Even if we ignore the others, the Kephale from that set is still my favorite to this day.
::'''Bolaris:''' You have that set!? I love that set. I was trying to get my hands on one for ages, but I never managed. All I could do was pay extortionate prices for a few spare pieces.
::'''Albus:''' Hehe. I didn't just buy one, I bought three set! You know what it's like &mdash; one set for the collection, one for daily use, and one to show off...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's a bit much.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504021414-->
:::'''Albus:''' Uhh... Though I don't fully understand what you mean by that, it sounds like you're expressing approval of my deep love for Kephale? Haha, thank you!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You sound like someone I've met before...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504021416-->
:::'''Albus:''' Oh-ho! You know other outstanding disciples like myself? That's great! You'll have to introduce me sometime if you get the chance!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't you think that's a waste?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504021418-->
:::'''Albus:''' Ah! Watch your mouth, child &mdash; something done out of faith could never be described as a waste!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504021419-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504021419-->
::'''Albus:''' I see you've been listening in on our conversation for a while, youngster. Well, are you interested in Titan-related artworks, too?
::'''Albus:''' Let me warn you. There's a steep learning curve &mdash; beginners often end up buying imitation or faulty products. Even if they do get the real thing, getting it for a good price can be tough.
::'''Albus:''' That being said, I can tell that you have fine taste. I can share some of my experience with you. Tell me, which Titan do you have faith in?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have a little faith in all of them.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504021423-->
:::'''Albus:''' Haa... Though I don't like to criticize the faith of others, such a lack of devotion will never win you the favor of the gods.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I believe in Akivili.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504021425-->
:::'''Albus:''' Hmm... I've never heard that name before. Is it a Titan's nickname?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I believe in the bat in my hands.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504021427-->
:::'''Albus:''' Hahaha! Youngsters these days... Though, I'm no stick in the mud. It's understandable. Very understandable.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504021428-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504021428-->
::'''Bolaris:''' Ah... One of my patrons is calling me. You two carry on. Oh, I forgot to mention &mdash; I developed a spray-painting machine recently. It isn't completely reliable just yet, but it's running. You should come and test it for me sometime.
::'''Albus:''' Oh... Sure, sure! Do what you need to do, and I'll come and find you after my daily prayers!
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504021001: Config/Level/Mission/5040210/Act/Act504021001.json-->
::'''Albus:''' What kind of collectable items are kids into nowadays? Tell me, and I'll give you a few suggestions!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Albus
|zhs  = 艾犹卜
|zht  = 艾猶卜
|ja   = アイユーブ
|ko   = 알부스
|es   = Albus
|fr   = Albus
|ru   = Альбус
|th   = Albus
|vi   = Albus
|de   = Albus
|id   = Albus
|pt   = Albus
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}