<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Aquafis#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Aquafis.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Aquafis''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_748_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 803210113-->)
:;(First interaction)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 803210006: Config/Level/Mission/8032100/Act/Act803210006.json-->
:::'''Aquafis:''' You've come. You didn't disappoint me. Here's my Seal Slammers: Ultimate Evolution. Come try it out!
:;(Subsequent interactions)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 803210007: Config/Level/Mission/8032100/Act/Act803210007.json-->
:::'''Aquafis:''' Seal Slammers: Ultimate Evolution. Come try it out!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Open NPC Menu-->
::{{DIcon}} Tell me about the challenge again.
:::'''Aquafis:''' No problem! The so-called Seal Slammers: Ultimate Evolution means that I've arranged the baby seal lineup for each stage by hand, complete with an array of difficulties. A challenge for true masters.
:::'''Aquafis:''' Of course, you can always choose the difficulty you want. It's all up to you if you want to train or break through your limits.
:::'''Aquafis:''' I'm right here. If you want more practice, come find me.
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 803211101-->)
:{{DIcon}} Give me something insane!
:::'''Aquafis:''' Hah hah! You're brave. You wanna challenge the hardest Super Insane Stage? Show me everything you've got and let me see if you're crazy enough!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TriggerPerformance_G748_lv5-->
::{{DIcon}} Give me something challenging!
:::'''Aquafis:''' As you wish. Keep your eyes peeled in the following challenge. Don't say I didn't warn you!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TriggerPerformance_G748_lv4-->
::{{DIcon}} Give me something simple!
:::'''Aquafis:''' No problem. Let's start with something easy to warm up. We'll have a friendly match.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TriggerPerformance_G748_lv2-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} There's something I have to do.
:::'''Aquafis:''' ...Youngsters are always busy. Being busy is nice and all, but remember to come play with me!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TriggerPerformance_G748_Fail_lv2-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TriggerPerformance_G748_Start-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 803210113-->)
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TriggerPerformance_G748-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}