<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Chartonus#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = "Grand Craftsman"
|image           = NPC Chartonus.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Chartonus''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_36_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
:----
:;(Screen fades to black)
::*ding* *ding* *ding* This tall blacksmith is forging iron.
::In your eyes, his weapon forging process is unsophisticated, unpretentious. Apart from exhibiting more strength and producing louder clanging, he doesn't seem too different from the most ordinary blacksmiths in Amphoreus.
::But... *ding* *ding* *ding*
::You notice a few pieces of quenched iron billets in his hands, glowing with an apparently unusual sheen.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Try interrupting him.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034006-->
::;(Screen fades to black)
:::'''Chartonus:''' ...
:::*ding* *ding* *ding* ...Nope, the blacksmith ignores you completely.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504034009-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait for him to finish.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034009-->
:;(Screen fades to black)
::Good thing this burly smith is almost done. The billet sizzles when doused in water, and Chartonus finally turns around to meet you.
::'''Chartonus:''' ...Long have you waited, warrior of the outlands.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's all right. I was just admiring your craft.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You knew I was waiting for you!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034013-->
::'''Chartonus:''' Sorry, distracted I cannot be, while the smithing goes on.
::'''Chartonus:''' The earnest Titan, Georios. Its creations, the mountain dwellers are. Meticulous... a lineage unbroken.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That iron billet feels very special...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034016-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Billet, ordinary it was. The tempering process, blessed by Titans it was.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504034018-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What kind of Titan is Georios?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034018-->
::'''Chartonus:''' The Pillar of Stone, Georios, the Earth Titan, God of the Mountains.
::'''Chartonus:''' Steady and diligent, Georios likes. Forge, grain, and strength, all shall gain.
::'''Chartonus:''' Hammer strikes, shape not alone. Earth's blessing, grasp strength, within seal it is.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So it's enchanted with magic!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034022-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Magic... what is it? Craft, or raw material, is it?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No wonder Dan Heng's spear was cut in half.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034024-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Very special, his weapon is, that Lord Dan Heng.
:::'''Chartonus:''' Craftsmanship like this, seen before, I have not. No Titan's blessing it has, yet sharp and strong it is.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You crafted all the Chrysos Heirs' weapons?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034027-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' The Chrysos Heirs, trust me, they do.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504034028-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034028-->
::'''Chartonus:''' ...
::'''Chartonus:''' Continue my work, I shall, if nothing else there is, warrior of the outlands.
;(Subsequent interactions)
:----
:;(Screen fades to black)
::*ding* *ding* *ding* The Grand Craftsman is busy forging.
::Seeing your presence, the Grand Craftsman puts down his hammer.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RandomConfig",
	"OddsList": [
		{
			"IsDynamic": false,
			"FixedValue": {
				"Value": 1
			}
		},
		{
			"IsDynamic": false,
			"FixedValue": {
				"Value": 1
			}
		}
	],
	"TaskList": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice",
			"VoiceIDs": [
				504000225
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice",
			"VoiceIDs": [
				504000226
			]
		}
	],
	"RandomMaskTarget": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetAlias",
		"Alias": "Caster"
	}
}</pre>
::{{A|VO vo ambient w4 v300 greeting hatuonusi 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w4 v300 greeting hatuonusi 102.ogg}} '''Chartonus:''' Warrior of the outlands, what need you have?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Shop}} I'd like to buy an amazing weapon.
::'''Chartonus:''' ...Thank you. Chartonus' proud creations, you may look at as you please.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.VerifyInteractingEntity",
	"GroupID": 36,
	"ConfigID": 400001
}</pre>
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowShop",
	"ShopType": 72,
	"TaskID": []
}</pre>
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon}} I want to have a chat with you.
::'''Chartonus:''' Chat, I do not well. Worry, you should not.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504034003_64-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504034003_64-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How do I choose a good weapon in Amphoreus?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034103-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Sharp and strong, a good weapon is... Like a hard rock, the red earth is.
:::'''Chartonus:''' Majestic and cold, a better weapon is... Like a throne, the chariot is.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's the difference?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034106-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Forge weapons, Georios does. Temper weapons, Nikador shall.
:::'''Chartonus:''' Explain well, I cannot. "Have become used to it," said once Phainon.
:::'''Chartonus:''' "Drenched in too much blood," said too Mydei.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How well do you know the Chrysos Heirs?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034110-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Good weapons, I craft for Chrysos Heirs. From weapons, my knowledge begins.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504034003_76-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504034003_76-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Mydei?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034112-->
::::'''Chartonus:''' His weapon, many times, Mydei has broken. A hum, I hear, when fixing the surviving weapons.
::::'''Chartonus:''' Cross the battlefield, through seas of blood, one shall. Only then, silent war cries, find you will.
::::'''Chartonus:''' Mostly like that, Kremnoan weapons are. Different, Mydei's is.
::::'''Chartonus:''' Divinity, majesty, compassion, there are. Rusted blood, many strange scents, mixed they are.
::::'''Chartonus:''' ...Misperception, perhaps it is.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Phainon?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034118-->
::::'''Chartonus:''' Lacks soul, Phainon's weapon does. Understand, I do not, why for such a resolute warrior, it is so.
::::'''Chartonus:''' Perhaps the weapon, not fitting it is. Perhaps hesitation there is, with destiny.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Aglaea?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034121-->
::::'''Chartonus:''' Need, Aglaea does not. Like her style, sharp and merciless, gold thread is.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Tribbie?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034123-->
::::'''Chartonus:''' Weapons, little girls have not. But often, see them I do.
::::'''Chartonus:''' Sometimes like thunder, the sound of hammering is. Startled, they are, when nearby by chance.
::::'''Chartonus:''' Little toys, they cannot make. Seek my help, they occasionally do.
::::'''Chartonus:''' Small rocket launchers, metal wings, iron horses... Craft them, I can. Adorable, they are.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Return}} Got it, no more questions from me.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504034003_64-->
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} How do I choose a good weapon in Amphoreus?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034103-->
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Sharp and strong, a good weapon is... Like a hard rock, the red earth is.
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Majestic and cold, a better weapon is... Like a throne, the chariot is.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What's the difference?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034106-->
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Forge weapons, Georios does. Temper weapons, Nikador shall.
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Explain well, I cannot. "Have become used to it," said once Phainon.
:::::'''Chartonus:''' "Drenched in too much blood," said too Mydei.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::;(<!--Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString)-->)
::::{{DIcon|Talk}} The Mountain Dwellers sure have a lot of stories.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034129-->
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Too long, too long, the stories of the Mountain Dweller are. Busy, my hands are. Time to tell, I have not. Apologies, I offer.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just for a bit!
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034131-->
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Long history, Mountain Dwellers have. Their bodies, Georios shaped.
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Strong, Earth Titan's children are. For fairness, wisdom, Cerces gives not.
:::::<!--1-second delay-->
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Slaves, Mountain Dwellers once were. Taken, they were, to be blacksmiths, guards, miners, and keepers.
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Now Mountain Dwellers in Okhema, my people are. Used by Kremnoans, they once were.
:::::<!--1-second delay-->
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Love peace, Mountain Dwellers do. Yet, safe from war, hiding in mountains is not.
:::::'''Chartonus:''' With other civilizations, we exchange. Fortunate or unfortunate, think deeply we do not. Willing to ponder, we are not.
:::::<!--1-second delay-->
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Slow, Mountain Dwellers run. Curled up, we did when leaving the mountains, like rolling stones.
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Fear us, common folk did. But kind, everyone was. Accepted, we slowly were. "Gentle giants," they called us.
:::::<!--1-second delay-->
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Think little, work plenty, Mountain Dwellers do. Renowned for years, our forging skills and masonry have been.
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Kingdoms, we have not. In cities, we live. Content with stability, we are.
:::::<!--1-second delay-->
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Ores and soil, Mountain Dwellers like. Explosives and cold water, Mountain Dwellers hate.
:::::'''Chartonus:''' The city of Phagousa's faith, we rarely visit. Okhema, our favorite, it is so far.
::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's leave it there for now.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034144-->
:::::'''Chartonus:''' Farewell, warrior. Bless you, the earth does.
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} The Mountain Dwellers sure have a lot of stories.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034129-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Too long, too long, the stories of the Mountain Dweller are. Busy, my hands are. Time to tell, I have not. Apologies, I offer.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just for a bit!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034131-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Long history, Mountain Dwellers have. Their bodies, Georios shaped.
:::'''Chartonus:''' Strong, Earth Titan's children are. For fairness, wisdom, Cerces gives not.
:::<!--1-second delay-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Slaves, Mountain Dwellers once were. Taken, they were, to be blacksmiths, guards, miners, and keepers.
:::'''Chartonus:''' Now Mountain Dwellers in Okhema, my people are. Used by Kremnoans, they once were.
:::<!--1-second delay-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Love peace, Mountain Dwellers do. Yet, safe from war, hiding in mountains is not.
:::'''Chartonus:''' With other civilizations, we exchange. Fortunate or unfortunate, think deeply we do not. Willing to ponder, we are not.
:::<!--1-second delay-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Slow, Mountain Dwellers run. Curled up, we did when leaving the mountains, like rolling stones.
:::'''Chartonus:''' Fear us, common folk did. But kind, everyone was. Accepted, we slowly were. "Gentle giants," they called us.
:::<!--1-second delay-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Think little, work plenty, Mountain Dwellers do. Renowned for years, our forging skills and masonry have been.
:::'''Chartonus:''' Kingdoms, we have not. In cities, we live. Content with stability, we are.
:::<!--1-second delay-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Ores and soil, Mountain Dwellers like. Explosives and cold water, Mountain Dwellers hate.
:::'''Chartonus:''' The city of Phagousa's faith, we rarely visit. Okhema, our favorite, it is so far.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's leave it there for now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504034144-->
:::'''Chartonus:''' Farewell, warrior. Bless you, the earth does.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's leave it there for now.
::'''Chartonus:''' Farewell, warrior. Bless you, the earth does.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}