<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Daros#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Baths Attendant
|image           = NPC Daros.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Daros''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_356_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504028001: Config/Level/Mission/5040280/Act/Act504028001.json-->
::'''Daros:''' Is there something I can help you with, dear customer?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I accidentally triggered this conversation.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028004-->
:::'''Daros:''' I see. Don't mind me.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504028006-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Nothing. Just browsing.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028006-->
::'''Daros:''' Take your time. Call me if you need anything.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
:;(First interaction)
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504028002: Config/Level/Mission/5040280/Act/Act504028002.json-->
:::'''Daros:''' Dear customer, do you need something?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I accidentally triggered this conversation again.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028104-->
::::'''Daros:''' Alright. That's fine.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504028106-->
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Nothing. Just browsing.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028106-->
:::'''Daros:''' This place is quite spacious. It's perfect for relaxing, don't you think? ...Take your time browsing.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:;(Subsequent interactions)
::;(First interaction)
::::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504028003: Config/Level/Mission/5040280/Act/Act504028003.json-->
::::'''Daros:''' Dear customer, do you...
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I acci&mdash;...
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Nothing. Just browsing.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028205-->
::::'''Daros:''' ...I can see that you have a lot of time on your hands.
::::'''Daros:''' If that is the case, I wonder if I could ask you for a favor? There is a lot of noise coming from outside. It sounds like there are some unwelcome visitors starting trouble out there...
::::'''Daros:''' As an attendant, it is my duty to go and settle this. Could I ask you to stay here and keep an eye on things for me?
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll go and mediate for you!
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028209-->
:::::'''Daros:''' That... Well, if you insist. Although, a word of warning: If they are unreasonable, I ask that you do not rush to take physical action. I see you possess great strength and I fear that they could be injured or worse. That would make things difficult for me.
:::::'''Daros:''' Conversely, feel free to use my name. If the unwelcome guests are the ones that I imagine, tell them that Daros would like them to calm down. That should help.
::::;(Screen fades to black)
:::::Hesitant at his assurance, you pull out your bat and prepare to "mediate" the situation. When you arrive, it is clear that a number of uncivilized-looking guys are intimidating passersby.
:::::As this place has not been "trailblazed" previously, the group is unfazed by your appearance. In fact, they seem to be raring for a fight.
:::::You remember the words of the attendant...
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504028003_52-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504028003_52-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Nonsense. I'll beat them up first and we can talk later.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028215-->
:::::;(Screen fades to black)
::::::Before you make your move, you spend a few seconds in reflection. There's a chance that Aglaea might have something to say about this... Maybe you should let them go with their lives this time...?
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Maybe try dropping his name?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028217-->
:::::;(Screen fades to black)
::::::As soon as you mention the attendant's name, the group's faces drop. Without saying a word, they bow in apology and run for the hills...
::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504028224-->
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028224-->
::::::'''Daros:''' I'm glad that is settled... Thank you, dear customer.
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just who are...
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028227-->
::::::'''Daros:''' Ahh, those troublesome customers were from Castrum Kremnos. Some of them recognized me... Let's just say they showed their fellow countryman some respect.
::::::'''Daros:''' Either way, I owe you one, dear customer. If you are bored, I would be happy to help you kill some time.
::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Alright, I'll look after your things.
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028220-->
:::::'''Daros:''' Thank you, dear customer. I'll be right back.
::::;(Screen fades to black)
:::::As soon as the attendant leaves, you prick up your ears and try to listen in on the situation outside.
:::::The rabble of noise turns to silence before turning into... wails? You only manage to overhear a few muddled words... Are they saying "Kremnos Cleaner"...?
:::::After everything returns to quiet, the attendant returns as if nothing had happened.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504028224-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028224-->
:::::'''Daros:''' I'm glad that is settled... Thank you, dear customer.
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Just who are...
:::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What happened?
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028227-->
:::::'''Daros:''' Ahh, those troublesome customers were from Castrum Kremnos. Some of them recognized me... Let's just say they showed their fellow countryman some respect.
:::::'''Daros:''' Either way, I owe you one, dear customer. If you are bored, I would be happy to help you kill some time.
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::;(Subsequent interactions)
::::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504028004: Config/Level/Mission/5040280/Act/Act504028004.json-->
::::'''Daros:''' Relax and be joyous, you who live without concern~ Time is fleeting. Soon it shall take you to meet Thanatos~
::::'''Daros:''' ...I am sorry you had to see that, dear customer. My old job left me with some bad habits. Please forgive me.
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::<!--Open NPC Menu-->
::::{{DIcon}} Can we talk?
:::::'''Daros:''' Of course. If there is anything you wish to know, I shall do my best to answer your questions.
:::::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504028005_93-->
:::::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504028005_93-->
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you do for work, sir?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028404-->
::::::'''Daros:''' ...
::::::'''Daros:''' I am an "attendant." I ensure the cleanliness of the baths while providing services for customers in need.
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Really?
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} And before that?
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028408-->
::::::'''Daros:''' ...Hah. Dear customer, you are most perceptive... But this can get you into trouble, you know...
::::::'''Daros:''' My apologies. That sounded threatening. There is no need to worry. This is Okhema, after all. Under the protection of Kephale, even if I tell you everything, our lives will remain unchanged.
::::::'''Daros:''' I was an "attendant" in the past, too. However, back in Castrum Kremnos, my employers preferred to refer to me as a "cleaner" or a "problem-solver."
::::::'''Daros:''' Every so often, they would come to me and ask me to go on a "sweep" to restore the purity of Talanton's scales... As for how I did that, I will spare you the details. I fear that you will not enjoy them.
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Do you still do this work now?
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028413-->
:::::::'''Daros:''' No... After Castrum Kremnos was destroyed, I roamed various places, but only the holy city of {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}} would take in a stained fugitive like myself. I made a vow to myself at that moment that I would never again take up my cleaning equipment unless there was an absolute need.
:::::::'''Daros:''' The Council of Elders once hinted that I should take up my old post. However, a number of esteemed persons came forward and "declined" on my behalf. Nowadays, such methods are no longer feasible; nor do they have any meaning.
:::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504028417-->
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028417-->
:::::::'''Daros:''' This man before you is merely an attendant. When my services are required in the baths, I shall appear. That is all.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't understand.
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028416-->
:::::::'''Daros:''' Of course. Whether you understand or not, being cautious can never be a bad thing.
:::::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504028417-->
:::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028417-->
:::::::'''Daros:''' This man before you is merely an attendant. When my services are required in the baths, I shall appear. That is all.
::::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me your story!
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028419-->
::::::'''Daros:''' The only stories an attendant has are work stories. If you do not mind, then...
:::::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.RandomConfig",
	"OddsList": [
		{
			"IsDynamic": false,
			"FixedValue": {
				"Value": 1
			}
		},
		{
			"IsDynamic": false,
			"FixedValue": {
				"Value": 1
			}
		},
		{
			"IsDynamic": false,
			"FixedValue": {
				"Value": 1
			}
		}
	],
	"TaskList": [
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 504028420,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 504028421,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 504028422,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 504028423,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 504028424,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 504028425,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 504028426,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 504028427,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				}
			]
		},
		{
			"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayAndWaitSimpleTalk",
			"SimpleTalkList": [
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 504028428,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 504028429,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 504028430,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				},
				{
					"TextSpeed": 0,
					"TalkSentenceID": 504028431,
					"ProtectTime": 0
				}
			]
		}
	],
	"RandomMaskTarget": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetAlias",
		"Alias": "Caster"
	}
}</pre>
:::::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::::{{DIcon|Exit}} No worries. I'll leave you to it.
::::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504028433-->
::::::'''Daros:''' Alright, please enjoy yourself, dear customer. If you need anything, please come and ask.
::::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::::{{DIcon|Exit}} No worries. I'll leave you to it.
:::::'''Daros:''' Alright, please enjoy yourself, dear customer. If you need anything, please come and ask.
:::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Daros
|zhs  = 达罗
|zht  = 達羅
|ja   = ダロ
|ko   = 다로스
|es   = Daros
|fr   = Daros
|ru   = Дарос
|th   = Daros
|vi   = Daros
|de   = Daros
|id   = Daros
|pt   = Daros
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}