<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Demosthenes#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Bashful Youth
|image           = NPC Demosthenes.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Demosthenes''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_354_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504033021: Config/Level/Mission/5040330/Act/Act504033021.json-->
::'''Demosthenes:''' Oh my... their biceps... feels like they could crush me to death...
::'''Demosthenes:''' Tsk, tsk, tsk... and their glutes... round enough to balance a bottle of pomegranate juice...
::The man before you is sneakily hiding behind the screen, mumbling something while staring at the distant bath, yet he hesitates to get in.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you sneaking around for!?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Guards, there's a creep here!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040006-->
::'''Demosthenes:''' !!!
::'''Demosthenes:''' Where did you come from? You scared me! Hey, you can't just shout things like that in a public place!
::'''Demosthenes:''' I&mdash;I&mdash;I was just... waiting for the bath to reach the right temperature. Yes, that's it! I was born with a naturally cold constitution and need the water to be warmer before I can get in.
::The panicked expression, stammering words, and clumsy excuses betray his guilt. For the safety of the people of Amphoreus, the Galactic Baseballer of justice decides to get to the bottom of it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll take you to the high-temperature bath.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040011-->
::'''Demosthenes:''' Oh... you're surprisingly kind.
::'''Demosthenes:''' But the high-temperature bath... it's too dirty. My delicate skin can't handle that kind of thing.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll lend you a private bath.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040014-->
::'''Demosthenes:''' Why are you being so insistent? With you like this, how can I say no...? Actually... I have athlete's foot!
::'''Demosthenes:''' Yes, athlete's foot, hehe! You wouldn't want to smell it when I take my shoes off!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have an upside-down bath machine.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll allow you to wear your shoes in the bath!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040018-->
::'''Demosthenes:''' Enough already!!! Are you done or what?
::'''Demosthenes:''' You and them are cut from the same cloth, constantly talking about bathing and soaking, as if you want to eat, drink, relieve yourselves, and sleep all in the water!
::'''Demosthenes:''' You keep going on about how the people of Amphoreus are duty-bound to uphold the heritage of bath culture, but I see through you all &mdash; you just want to show off your fitness gains and enjoy the envy of others.
::'''Demosthenes:''' Still, not to be rude, but... your muscles are pretty unimpressive. With a physique like that, aren't you worried about being laughed at when you get in the water?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Huh? Is that something I need to worry about?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040023-->
:::'''Demosthenes:''' Hmph! Your obliviousness... your shamelessness... how enviable.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't let mainstream beauty standards define me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040025-->
:::'''Demosthenes:''' Hmph! Your carefree attitude... your confidence... how enviable.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I've got an inflatable muscle suit.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040027-->
:::'''Demosthenes:''' Cunning! I'd never stoop to such petty tricks.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504040028-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040028-->
::'''Demosthenes:''' Every time I step into the bath, it feels like stepping into the gym again &mdash; I can sense the anxiety of exposing my skinny arms and legs.
::'''Demosthenes:''' Meanwhile, the muscular young men stroll around casually, feigning indifference to the admiration of others, yet deliberately striking poses as elegant as sculptures. They sit in the water with their arms spread wide, as if afraid no one will notice the contours of their chiseled chests.
::'''Demosthenes:''' But no matter how hard I swing those heavy weights, all I gain are scrawny muscles and mocking laughter.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504033022: Config/Level/Mission/5040330/Act/Act504033022.json-->
::'''Demosthenes:''' That's enough. Stop training already. You've gotten so good. Is it just to make me feel humiliated?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I'm curious...
::'''Demosthenes:''' Feel free to ask whatever you want. Just don't rub salt into my wounds...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: waitoption_504040204-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: waitoption_504040204-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why has fitness become so popular?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040204-->
:::'''Demosthenes:''' This is not just a passing trend, nor is it exclusive to Okhema. It is a common affliction in all the city-states of Amphoreus, though the level of fanaticism varies from place to place.
:::'''Demosthenes:''' In the peaceful days of old, Amphoreus used to hold regular festivals in Castrum Kremnos, where fitness competitions were also a popular event. I heard that the winners would even gain the favor of aristocratic ladies.
:::'''Demosthenes:''' You're asking why everyone is so obsessed with fitness? That's too profound for me to answer &mdash; I'm not a historian.
:::'''Demosthenes:''' It might all have started with the Titans. Do you see Kephale on the horizon? That strong physique, that incredible strength &mdash; I bet they've put in a lot of training as well.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You should train too.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040209-->
:::'''Demosthenes:''' I don't want to. Those muscles from fitness training are useless.
:::'''Demosthenes:''' Once these guys get to the battlefield, they'll understand. Muscles consume more energy, and without fat reserves, the body can't withstand the cold, can't take hits, and can't go without food. One hit and they'll go down without a sound.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I think you're just jealous.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040212-->
:::'''Demosthenes:''' I&mdash;I'm not jealous of them! I'm preparing for the Grove exams. I want to become a scholar, not someone with big muscles and an empty head!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll be going now. Don't be too upset, okay?
::'''Demosthenes:''' I'll wait a bit longer to see when they leave. Ugh, it's been a while since I've taken a bath.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Demosthenes
|zhs  = 狄摩西尼
|zht  = 狄摩西尼
|ja   = デモステネス
|ko   = 데모스테네스
|es   = Demóstenes
|fr   = Démosthène
|ru   = Демосфенис
|th   = Demosthenes
|vi   = Demosthenes
|de   = Demosthenes
|id   = Demosthenes
|pt   = Demóstenes
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}