<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hegesia#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Simple Laborer
|image           = NPC Hegesia.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hegesia''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_352_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504033015: Config/Level/Mission/5040330/Act/Act504033015.json-->
::'''Hegesia:''' Hello! Hmm, I don't recognize you. You're new around here, aren't you?
::'''Hegesia:''' How are you finding life in Okhema? Do you have a stable income? It'd be a real shame if you came all this way to the holy city only to end up starving!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who talks like that, huh?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504039404-->
:::'''Hegesia:''' I'm serious, though. Just the other day, someone on the teleslate mentioned an outlander who holed up in a hotel room for two weeks without leaving and starved to death.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry. I could live on air.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504039406-->
:::'''Hegesia:''' Uh... I'm not joking. Just the other day, someone on the teleslate mentioned an outlander who holed up in a hotel room for two weeks without leaving and starved to death.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do people starve in Okhema?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504039408-->
:::'''Hegesia:''' Absolutely. Terrifying, isn't it! Just the other day, someone on the teleslate mentioned an outlander who holed up in a hotel room for two weeks without leaving and starved to death.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504039409-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504039409-->
::'''Hegesia:''' They told me a story about a newcomer so clueless that when someone hung a pancake around his neck, he only ate the part right in front of him and never thought to turn it around to eat the rest!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} That's not starvation. That's just plain foolishness.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Haven't I heard this joke before?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's sort of a natural selection.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504039413-->
::'''Hegesia:''' Maybe... but honestly, when I first arrived in Okhema, I was so shaken by the black tide that it took me a full week before I even dared to go outside. I kept imagining some creature would suddenly pop out of the ground or water.
::'''Hegesia:''' Though the streets were chaotic earlier, it was nothing compared to the actual black tide. That was just run-of-the-mill disorder.
::'''Hegesia:''' Happiness is fleeting, while misfortune endures. Even if days are peaceful now, should the black tide truly strike, losing a limb would be the least of our concerns.
::'''Hegesia:''' Ah, I mustn't think too much! Work is more important right now... Blessed be the {{Rubi|Chalice of Plenty|Ocean Titan}}. Please bring me more customers. Only a stable salary can truly bring comfort!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504033016: Config/Level/Mission/5040330/Act/Act504033016.json-->
::'''Hegesia:''' There's always something strange popping up on the teleslate...
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Open NPC Menu-->
::{{DIcon}} What did you hear this time?
:::'''Hegesia:''' Disciples of {{Rubi|Thanatos|Death Titan}} are dancing and singing in the graveyards, a whole crate of Balance Coins was uncovered in the orphanage vault, and someone was interrogated by a man in black on their way to seek refuge in Okhema...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504039604-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504039604-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me about the graveyard one.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504039604-->
::::'''Hegesia:''' The post on the teleslate said the person saw it during Curtain-Fall Hour when everyone else was resting.
::::'''Hegesia:''' Unable to sleep, he went for a walk in the suburban graveyard, expecting peace but found a group of unruly youths dancing to strange music from their teleslates!
::::'''Hegesia:''' He got annoyed and challenged the youths, who said they were conducting a ritual to honor Thanatos, dubbed "Death Cleansing," and asked not to be interrupted...
::::'''Hegesia:''' Feeling outnumbered and worried they might cause trouble, he decided to get the graveyard caretaker to help clear them out.
::::'''Hegesia:''' When they got back to the graveyard just a few moments later, the rowdy teens had mysteriously vanished without a trace! Not a single footprint remained, as if the entire episode had been an illusion...
::::'''Hegesia:''' Some users reported similar incidents, noting that the "vanishing disciples of Thanatos" were fiddling with odd goat heads or something equally strange... pretty eerie.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me about the orphanage one.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504039611-->
::::'''Hegesia:''' Oh, this one's not spooky at all. It's actually a pretty uplifting story.
::::'''Hegesia:''' An orphanage was doing routine work on their vault when a teleslate fell over, revealing a whole stash of Balance Coins hidden behind it. No one knows who put it there or why it was forgotten.
::::'''Hegesia:''' That orphanage had been struggling financially, yet the kids stumbled upon a windfall while fixing the vault.
::::'''Hegesia:''' Some say it looks like the work of the legendary Phantom Strider, a mythical thief as quick as lightning, rumored to have stolen many rare treasures.
::::'''Hegesia:''' A lot of people also believe there never was a Phantom Strider in Okhema. It's all just a tall tale.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me about the man in black.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504039617-->
::::'''Hegesia:''' Now that one's way creepier than the one dancing in the graveyard!
::::'''Hegesia:''' Someone on the teleslate forum shared that he got separated from his family en route to Okhema and encountered a man in black who was hardly able to talk. He confronted him with a sword, demanding to know the day of the week.
::::'''Hegesia:''' Terrified, he stammered out that it was Wednesday. The man in black murmured "Not yet" before leaping off the cliff next to him.
::::'''Hegesia:''' No one else has reported anything like this from what I've seen in the forum replies. It's probably just made up.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Nothing more I'm curious about.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504039622-->
::::'''Hegesia:''' Haha, you can't trust everything you read on the teleslate!
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'm busy, so I'll be heading off.
:::'''Hegesia:''' Busy with work, huh? That's great! Nothing beats being productive and making some cash!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hegesia
|zhs  = 赫格西娅
|zht  = 赫格西婭
|ja   = ヘゲシア
|ko   = 헤게시아
|es   = Hegesia
|fr   = Hégésias
|ru   = Хегезия
|th   = Hegesia
|vi   = Hegesia
|de   = Hegesia
|id   = Hegesia
|pt   = Hegesia
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}