<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ixion#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Delusional Chrysos Heir
|image           = NPC Ixion.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Ixion''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_358_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504033029: Config/Level/Mission/5040330/Act/Act504033029.json-->
::'''Ixion:''' Should I go in? Or maybe... maybe I'll wait until tomorrow...
::'''Ixion:''' No, no, there can't be any doubt. Deep breath, Ixion. Embrace your destiny!
::'''(Trailblazer):''' (What is this person up to, sneaking around like that? The Chrysos Heir bath is right ahead &mdash; what does he intend to do?)
::'''Ixion:''' Wah&mdash;!!!
::'''Ixion:''' Huh? I thought you were a guard. By Kephale, why are you sneaking around behind me? What are you trying to do?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I should be asking you that.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh, playing the victim first, are we?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040808-->
::'''Ixion:''' Listen closely. In fact, I am one of the Twelve Chrysos Heirs in the prophecy. It's just Lady Aglaea and the others haven't found me yet.
::'''Ixion:''' Since I was young, I have heard people in the city talk about it. Each of the Chrysos Heirs has a sign from birth &mdash; we all lack something that sets us apart from ordinary people. For me, it manifests in a deficiency in language ability.
::'''Ixion:''' One time, I had an argument with a neighbor. In a fit of anger, he said I was useless except for my good looks. I immediately took a step forward and hugged him.
::'''Ixion:''' Later, my older sister corrected me, saying that he was insulting me. But to this day, I still don't understand &mdash; how is calling me handsome an insult?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes. Why?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Living happily is good enough for me.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040814-->
::'''Ixion:''' They call it "not understanding human language," which is precisely the flaw unique to me as a Chrysos Heir. The reason I can't understand human speech is my native language is that of the gods. However, this seems to be beyond the comprehension of those around me.
::'''Ixion:''' So, I had no choice but to gather some solid evidence. No matter what, I must break into that Chrysos Heir bath at least once.
::'''Ixion:''' If I could, like senior Phainon, bathe in the golden blood without being corroded by it, then the people of the city would finally acknowledge me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I admire your optimism.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040818-->
:::'''Ixion:''' Huh? How can following established facts be considered optimism?
:::'''Ixion:''' I can fly because I know I can fly, not because I believe I can fly.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why not just trust that I am Kephale?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040821-->
:::'''Ixion:''' !!!
:::'''Ixion:''' My god?! Is it really you? Have you finally acknowledged me?!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yes, I am Kephale.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040824-->
::::'''Ixion:''' I understand! You walk among the city's people in mortal form, and it's not yet time to reveal this truth to the world.
::::'''Ixion:''' Rest assured. As long as you grant me confidence, that is enough. I will use my own strength to prove myself to Okhema.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No, I'm not! I didn't!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040827-->
::::'''Ixion:''' I understand! You walk among the city's people in mortal form, and it's not yet time to reveal this truth to the world.
::::'''Ixion:''' Rest assured. As long as you grant me confidence, that is enough. I will use my own strength to prove myself to Okhema.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How about sending me 50 credits first?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040830-->
::::'''Ixion:''' My god, I don't have that much money on me... but I will prove myself to you in my own way.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504040831-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504040831-->
::'''Ixion:''' A surge of courage wells up within!
::'''Ixion:''' I've decided. When I count to 1, I'll charge into that golden blood! Starting &mdash;
::'''Ixion:''' 999... 998... 997... 996...
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504033030: Config/Level/Mission/5040330/Act/Act504033030.json-->
::The young man before you has not noticed your presence at all. They are too busy locked in a ferocious argument over permissions and rights with the bath manager beside them. Their determination is like that of a dying hero, only their battlefield is actually a bathhouse.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ixion
|zhs  = 伊克西翁
|zht  = 伊克西翁
|ja   = イクシオン
|ko   = 익시온
|es   = Ixión
|fr   = Ixion
|ru   = Иксион
|th   = Ixion
|vi   = Ixion
|de   = Ixion
|id   = Ixion
|pt   = Ixion
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}