<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Karpos#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Artist
|image           = NPC Karpos.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Karpos''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_362_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504033032: Config/Level/Mission/5040330/Act/Act504033032.json-->
::'''Karpos:''' Wait a second! Hey, the master passing by!
::'''Karpos:''' I've seen you before! You were the one who made that statue at the entrance!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What statue?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You must have mistaken me for someone else.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041105-->
::'''Karpos:''' I can't be mistaken! It was that floating, rotating sculpture with a bluish glow. I saw it with my own eyes &mdash; you and your black-haired companion, accompanied Lady Aglaea, placed that object there at the entrance of the baths.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Ah, the Space Anchor...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041107-->
:::'''Karpos:''' "Space Anchor"? That's quite the poetic and unique name...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Well, it's not really a statue...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041109-->
:::'''Karpos:''' I knew it! It must be some cutting-edge form of artistic expression. I just called it a "statue" as a placeholder.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504041110-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041110-->
::'''Karpos:''' The baths are always crowded, so it's not unusual to find something new being placed here. But the design of that piece was so avant-garde that every time I passed by, I couldn't help but take a second look.
::'''Karpos:''' Now that I've caught you, I'm determined to find out the material and craftsmanship behind it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I have no idea.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You'd have to ask my friend...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041114-->
::'''Karpos:''' That's... such a pity. The eerie glow reminded me so much of the Evernight Veil. I had thought you were also someone blessed by Oronyx.
::'''Karpos:''' To be honest, I am a mural artist for this Marmoreal Palace. Recently, I've been struggling with a lack of inspiration, but this object has reignited my creative drive... I hope you wouldn't mind if I used it as a reference for my work?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A Space Anchor personified?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041117-->
:::'''Karpos:''' Anthropomorphizing... I must say, that's a great idea! I've even thought of a title for the piece &mdash; let's call it "The Spinning Dancer of the Outlands"!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sure, go ahead. Show me once it's finished.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041119-->
:::'''Karpos:''' Oh, absolutely! I was half expecting you to charge me a licensing fee.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504041120-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041120-->
::'''Karpos:''' Master, you're such a great person. Your sense of dressing style is so unique &mdash; clearly someone who enjoys breaking the rules.
::'''Karpos:''' Unlike that talkative {{Rubi|Daros|Baths Attendant}} &mdash;"Miss Karpos, please don't bring your easel into the pool," or "Miss Karpos, we're closing now, so please return during the Lucid Hour."
::'''Karpos:''' If your mind is full of those rules and restrictions, how can you be a good painter? Don't you think so, master?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504033033: Config/Level/Mission/5040330/Act/Act504033033.json-->
::'''Karpos:''' Art comes from life, and life is all about soaking in the bath. As long as I'm here in the baths, inspiration will flow endlessly, just like Phagousa's honey brew.
::'''Karpos:''' But honestly, it would be great if the brush could paint by itself &mdash; Master, since you're here, why don't you contribute some inspiration to me?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Open NPC Menu-->
::{{DIcon}} Want to chat?
:::'''Karpos:''' Chat? That sounds great, as long as you don't mind if what we talk about becomes the theme for my next piece!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504033034_959-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504033034_959-->
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What have you created before?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041304-->
::::'''Karpos:''' Haha, who even remembers that? Master, you probably don't remember how many pieces of bread you've eaten either, right?
::::'''Karpos:''' In most cases, as long as I get inspiration worth putting paint to, I'll find a place to paint on the spot. Sometimes, if I can't fully express that feeling on the wall, I'll paint it somewhere else, like on bottles or jars.
::::'''Karpos:''' As for themes &mdash; I've done 30% Titan legends, 20% stories of Chrysos Heirs, 10% daily life, and the rest are all {{Rubi| the curtains of Oronyx|night scenes}}, which is perfect for painting a circular view on a jar.
::::'''Karpos:''' Actually, my house is full of bottles and jars. That's one of the reasons I come to the bath every day...
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you make a living with art?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041309-->
::::'''Karpos:''' What a question &mdash; definitely not!
::::'''Karpos:''' However, this period is an exception... Many wealthy individuals are anticipating the value fluctuations after salvation, and they will deliberately seek out artworks that "might appreciate in value" to collect.
::::'''Karpos:''' So if I'm short on Balance Coins, I'll just focus on painting the Chrysos Heirs and their Flame-Chase Journey. The payment will be enough to cover the cost of new paints &mdash; you have no idea how expensive those good paints are. Some even have to be taken from the bowls of dromases.
::::'''Karpos:''' However, recently, the Council of Elders has been commissioning me to create some promotional works. They pay quite generously, but...
::::'''Karpos:''' ...In their eyes, "original art" is more like a "tool." Every time I paint something for them, it just depresses me. So I just grab a random sketch from the pile of discarded drafts, add a few strokes, and hand it over.
::::'''Karpos:''' They like it, and I stay calm. It's a win-win.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Talk}} What have you been painting lately?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041316-->
::::'''Karpos:''' Lately? Mostly collaborating with an old senior to restore murals... It's a big job, spread all over the city. If I weren't so admiring of that senior, I wouldn't even want to take on this work.
::::'''Karpos:''' But that's not the only reason... I'll tell you a secret. Every time a mural is restored, the artist in charge adds a few strokes of their own. You might think it's nothing, but small changes add up over time. For example &mdash;
::::'''Karpos:''' If I told you that the symbols of Georios at the city gates, which have been there for a thousand Light Calendar years, were originally the story of Aquila, could you imagine that?
::::'''Karpos:''' Just the thought that prophecies and historical records might have gradually become distorted due to similar circumstances makes me feel a bit sorrowful. Honestly, it dampens any enthusiasm I have.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041321-->
::::'''Karpos:''' Alright, take care... I should probably head out after soaking for a little longer... no, maybe two more rounds...?
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time.
:::'''Karpos:''' Alright, take care... I should probably head out after soaking for a little longer... no, maybe two more rounds...?
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Karpos
|zhs  = 柯珀丝
|zht  = 柯珀絲
|ja   = コパース
|ko   = 카르포스
|es   = Carpos
|fr   = Carpos
|ru   = Карпос
|th   = Karpos
|vi   = Karpos
|de   = Karpos
|id   = Karpos
|pt   = Karpos
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}