<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Little Chimera#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Little Chimera.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Little Chimera''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_694_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504047004: Config/Level/Mission/5040470/Act/Act504047004.json-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Finish: 803110101-->)
::'''Little Chimera:''' Awooo! Hello, I'm your chimera. Is there anything you need me to do? Awooo&mdash;
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504059006_158-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504059006_158-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How about a handshake?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059503-->
:::'''Little Chimera:''' I am a sacred creation of {{Rubi|Cerces|Reason Titan}}, awoo! Don't lump me in with those unintelligent creatures. I have my pride, awoo!
:::Alright then, you suddenly wonder &mdash; if Peppy lived in this world, which Titan would he follow?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How about you bark a few times for me?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059506-->
:::'''Little Chimera:''' Awooo! Howhowhowooooo...
:::'''Little Chimera:''' Awawawaw... ooo... ooo!
:::The little chimera gazes at you with exceptionally clear eyes, letting out soft, tender calls completely different from its usual tone.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Even your voice has changed.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hey. Stop the fake cute sounds.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059511-->
:::'''Little Chimera:''' Awooo&mdash; this is exhausting. Is this the type you like? Are you satisfied, awooo?
:::'''Little Chimera:''' I've gone this far, so from now on, don't you dare say chimeras are not cute! Awooo awooo!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why aren't you working?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059514-->
:::'''Little Chimera:''' Ah, you mean those chimeras in the Garden of Life? Their lives are so hard, awoo!
:::'''Little Chimera:''' I heard there's been a devil of a taskmaster lately, constantly pushing them to work and demanding they aim for first place in the leaderboard. But you tell me, awoo... does the rank have anything to do with the lives of chimeras, awoo?
:::'''Little Chimera:''' I don't want to work, awoo, so I escaped here. You'd better treat me nicely, awoo!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} For your information, that taskmaster is me!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm going to sell you to the Garden!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059519-->
:::'''Little Chimera:''' ...Awooo!?
:::'''Little Chimera:''' Awooo... Awo... awo... I'm just a poor, weak Chimera &mdash; don't expect anything from me, awoo!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} There isn't anything I want for now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059522-->
:::'''Little Chimera:''' Awooo &mdash; then I'll just rest here. Come back to me if you need anything, awoo.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Finish: 803110101-->)
::'''Little Chimera:''' ...Awoo! ...Aw? Awoowoo woo... Woo!
::Your chimera seems happy enough to see you, but you cannot understand what it's trying to say right now. All you can do is play a while with it until it is completely sapped of energy.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_504047004-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}