<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Margusa#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Lazy Sage
|image           = NPC Margusa.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Margusa''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_360_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504029001: Config/Level/Mission/5040290/Act/Act504029001.json-->
::'''Margusa:''' *yawn* ...What a coincidence! After a long, fulfilling nap, I wake up to see a fascinating stranger like yourself.
::'''Margusa:''' Hello! Are you a guest from another land? Allow me to welcome you on behalf of the baths of Okhema!
::'''Margusa:''' Just kidding... I am neither a Titan nor a Chrysos Heir. I cannot speak on behalf of that many people. When awake, people are masters of their own fate, but life is unremarkable. When dreaming, one can set out on a marvelous adventure, but will no longer be master of their own destiny.
::'''Margusa:''' As you have woken me, let me ask you a question... If one is like a cold shower and the other a warm bath, do you prefer waking life or dreaming?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Being awake.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504029007-->
:::'''Margusa:''' Nothing is more important than being the master of your own fate... {{Rubi|Kephale|Worldbearing Titan}} would surely admire you.
:::'''Margusa:''' There are times when we must abandon many gains in our lives in order to control its direction... A cold bath that brings sobering reality can cause shock and suffering to those who aren't accustomed.
:::'''Margusa:''' You who feel the pain in happiness... May you enjoy your time in Okhema!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Dreaming.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504029011-->
:::'''Margusa:''' Though we have no control over the script, a good play can stir up the emotions of humans and stoke the power of life in our hearts &mdash; like we have been immersed in a warm spa.
:::'''Margusa:''' Though our destiny may temporarily be out of our hands, it does not mean that an unpleasant adventure lies ahead... Though people cannot prevent the destruction brought about by {{Rubi|Thanatos|Death Titan}}, they still find a way to enjoy their lives.
:::'''Margusa:''' To be a surfer that rides the waves of a great torrent to experience an unknown era... That could be the greatest adventure this world has to offer!
:::'''Margusa:''' I pray that such a fate could care for an idle person who spends all their days lying down... May you enjoy your time in Okhema!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Sorry, I'm just passing through.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504029016-->
:::'''Margusa:''' Hahaha, Okhema is rife with philosophers. I'm sure it can become tiresome if everyone is stopping you to discuss such things!
:::'''Margusa:''' Fear not though, I am merely a lazy person who lives only to lie down... May you enjoy your time in Okhema!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504029002: Config/Level/Mission/5040290/Act/Act504029002.json-->
::'''Margusa:''' I believe there was a Chrysos Heir who once said: "Life is but a grand dream. Let us see who is first to awaken to their true destiny." Do you believe that?
::'''Margusa:''' It's fine if you don't. Sleeping itself is such a comfortable thing... Because the lounger is the world's greatest invention!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about the lounger, then.
::'''Margusa:''' No problem! What do you want to know? The fabric or wood that it uses? Or maybe the history of the lounger itself?
::{{DIcon}} Tell me about the materials.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504029204-->
:::'''Margusa:''' A long time ago, the lounger was an item of furniture limited only to those of great importance. These people would spare no expense and use the finest walnut, ebony, and cedar wood to make the frames and pair them with a fine wool in winter, or cool white linen for summer.
:::'''Margusa:''' Naturally, the loungers at the baths are nowhere near as complex. Ours are made with simple olive wood and cotton. However, olive wood is far stronger than those pine woods... A more expensive wood does not necessarily mean a stronger wood.
:::'''Margusa:''' Come to think of it, before the black tide spread, there were cities that produced a wood called "blue oak"... That stuff was really strong. Not only could you make furniture with it, but it was completely reasonable to use it as a support in bridge construction.
:::'''Margusa:''' Ah, I wonder when we'll be done with this black tide nonsense... If it keeps raging like this, I fear I will be left without even a place to sleep.
:::'''Margusa:''' ...That wouldn't happen, would it? Not in my lifetime, at least!
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::{{DIcon}} Tell me about the history of the lounger.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504029210-->
:::'''Margusa:''' Some say that the earliest loungers were used by the priests of the Era Chrysea. They were not to be enjoyed by the commoners.
:::'''Margusa:''' According to this version of the story, the Council of Elders began imposing restrictions across various cities during the Era Bellica in order to seize power from the priests. They took a number of items that were previously limited to priests and made them popular among regular citizens... Loungers were one of these items.
:::'''Margusa:''' If you ask me, though... This is probably nothing more than a glorified sales pitch made up by carpenters to increase the sales on loungers.
:::'''Margusa:''' Such things are not rare. It's like having to give sweets and chocolates if you want to date someone, or having to give a ring if you want to get married... All of these familiar traditions were once nothing more than the creative ideas of merchants.
:::'''Margusa:''' In a way, this is also a natural part of human cultural development.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::{{DIcon}} I'm sure you have some stories yourself...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504029216-->
:::'''Margusa:''' Me? I have no stories. I'm just an Okhema native with too much time on my hands.
:::'''Margusa:''' If there was something special... I guess it would be the fact that I never spend any time at home and always stay at the baths.
:::'''Margusa:''' Ah... It's not a particularly complex story. I just don't like the home I come from and don't really want to show my face back there.
:::'''Margusa:''' Come to think of it, I have a neighbor that is even worse than I am... Not only does she never return home, she found a &mdash; I don't know whether to call it a bucket or a basket &mdash; in Marmoreal Market, and started living in it!
:::'''Margusa:''' She once famously said: "Sleep is a rehearsal for death. Perhaps Thanatos is not as evil as we imagine." If you think about it, it actually makes a lot of sense... As soon as I heard that, I decided that I would sleep on my beloved lounger every day until I've had my full of sleep, hehe.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any more questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} You enjoy lying down. I'll be going.
::'''Margusa:''' Alright! When I tire of lying down, I'll bathe. When I'm bored of bathing, I'll lie down again and enjoy some delicious food... Try it for yourself, you will realize that this is true perfection...
::'''Margusa:''' Although, I'm sure someone such as yourself does not get free time, right? A life of hard work is truly tough... Make sure you remember to enjoy a moment of leisure when you can!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Margusa
|zhs  = 玛格什
|zht  = 瑪格什
|ja   = マカシュ
|ko   = 마르구사
|es   = Margusa
|fr   = Margusa
|ru   = Магуса
|th   = Margusa
|vi   = Margusa
|de   = Margusa
|id   = Margusa
|pt   = Margusa
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}