<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Mityphon#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Diner
|image           = NPC Mityphon.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Mityphon''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_364_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504033035: Config/Level/Mission/5040330/Act/Act504033035.json-->
::'''Mityphon:''' ...The discussion will be wrapping up soon. Want to have some more to eat?
::'''Mityphon:''' It's rare to have the chance to enjoy the baths' food. Can't waste it, and gotta make sure it's worth the effort I put into those papers!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you mumbling about?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041404-->
:::'''Mityphon:''' ...Who are you? I'll warn you first, eavesdropping is a violation of Talanton's law, so be careful or I'll report you!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...What effort?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041406-->
:::'''Mityphon:''' Just the paper article I quickly put together during a 1-quint meal break... Wait, who are you again?
:::'''Mityphon:''' I'm warning you, eavesdropping is against Talanton's law. Watch out, I might report you!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504041408-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504041408-->
::'''Mityphon:''' If you're here to criticize me for not being productive and call me lazy, I must say &mdash; you've come to the wrong place. The Marmoreal Palace is a place for everyone to relax, not for serious work.
::'''Mityphon:''' I've said enough. Can't you see I'm busy? Enjoying life is still a form of work!
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504033036: Config/Level/Mission/5040330/Act/Act504033036.json-->
::'''Mityphon:''' What is it... why is it you again?
::'''Mityphon:''' Hey, I just figure out the point I can present at the next discussion. I'm in a good mood, so I don't mind chatting with you a little.
::'''Mityphon:''' Of course, when it ends is up to me.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Mityphon
|zhs  = 米提丰
|zht  = 米提豐
|ja   = ミディフォン
|ko   = 미티폰
|es   = Mítifon
|fr   = Mityphon
|ru   = Митифон
|th   = Mityphon
|vi   = Mityphon
|de   = Mityphon
|id   = Mityphon
|pt   = Mityphon
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}