<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Phainon#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Phainon.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Phainon''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_815_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504058001: Config/Level/Mission/5040580/Act/Act504058001.json-->
:'''Phainon:''' Hey there, partner! Must've been tough for you lately... Sure enough, you've been writing your own epic in Amphoreus. Let's keep on chasing that flame together, you and me!
:'''Phainon:''' Did you come looking for me because there's something urgent you need help with? I'm ready anytime!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I want to chat with you.
::'''Phainon:''' Of course! Anything you'd like to talk about?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504058002_16-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504058002_16-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Have any hobbies?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059813-->
:::'''Phainon:''' There are quite a lot of things I enjoy. But as for what I'd call a hobby... I'm afraid only fighting and treasure appraisal make the cut.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fighting? Now we're talking!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059815-->
::::'''Phainon:''' Right? I love that feeling of being completely focused while swinging a sword, thinking of nothing but defeating the opponent before you.
::::'''Phainon:''' But Mydei says I don't truly love battle...
::::'''Phainon:''' "It's because you can only briefly free yourself from the duty of saving the world in those fleeting moments at the threshold of death." That's what he said.
::::'''Phainon:''' Ha... I'm not that noble. Compared to me, Mydei carries far heavier duties alone in Castrum Kremnos, don't you think?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Treasure appraisal? Really didn't expect that one from you.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059820-->
::::'''Phainon:''' Don't sell me short like that &mdash; I studied treasure appraisal with Mr. Theodoros for a long time, and I've made some good progress. I'm on my way to being an expert.
::::'''Phainon:''' Aside from maintaining my weapons, most of my modest daily expenses go toward it.
::::'''Phainon:''' It's not that I'm particularly fond of collecting antiques... Practicing appraisal requires buying lots of items that might or might not be genuine. But, perhaps due to my bad luck, I often end up with a whole sack full of fakes...
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are there many Chrysos Heirs in the prophecy?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059824-->
:::'''Phainon:''' Yes, partner, there are. The prophecy speaks of way more than one &mdash; twelve Chrysos Heirs in total, each a hero capable of returning the Coreflames and inheriting the divinity of the Titans.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But you're the only one called the Deliverer.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059826-->
::::'''Phainon:''' Haha... When I first heard that title, I felt a bit embarrassed. After all, I'm not exactly a kid anymore, the kind who'd wave a wooden sword and prattle on about how they're going to save the world.
::::'''Phainon:''' To be honest, even after joining the Flame-Chase Journey, I still felt pretty immature &mdash; especially when compared to my companions.
::::'''Phainon:''' I don't have Aglaea's foresight and strategy, Mydei's conviction and resilience, or Castorice's rationality and caution... I even lack Tribbie's optimism and determination.
::::'''Phainon:''' Yet, my companions call me the most perfect Chrysos Heir, and the people of Okhema revere me as the Deliverer.
::::'''Phainon:''' Encouragement, hope, yearning, and prayers... The heavy burdens my shoulders bear are ones that I cannot possibly let down.
::::'''Phainon:''' So, I've come to terms with it. If they call me the Deliverer... why not gracefully accept the title?
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But there don't seem to be twelve of you right now.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059833-->
::::'''Phainon:''' Aglaea once said... the Flame-Chase is a journey of constant loss. A thousand years ago, another group of great Chrysos Heirs forged a blood pact and embarked on a journey to strike down the Titans.
::::'''Phainon:''' Perhaps it was fate at work... Though they succeeded in returning several Coreflames during the first Flame-Chase Journey, it ended in blood, tears, and failure.
::::'''Phainon:''' Those heroic predecessors laid the foundation for greatness with their lives, gave the people confidence, and pointed the way forward.
::::'''Phainon:''' Though we can't see them, every time we head to the Vortex of Genesis or listen to the voices of the Titans, I can feel the spirits of our predecessors alongside us.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} About the Flame Reaver and your past...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059838-->
:::'''Phainon:''' Haha... do I look that fragile? It seems that every companion I've spent time with assumes I have a past so heavy it's hard to let go of.
:::'''Phainon:''' Honestly, it's not that bad! Before I encountered the Flame Reaver, I might have still been bound by that shadow. After all, as a child, I saw that tall, black figure as cruel and invincible.
:::'''Phainon:''' But when I stood face-to-face with them, crossing blades, those buried fears and sorrow ignited into a surging battle spirit and anger.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} They are not just your enemy.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059842-->
::::'''Phainon:''' Exactly. Now, the Flame Reaver stands in opposition to the Flame-Chase Journey. They are the enemy of Okhema and all who hold beautiful hopes for the Era Nova.
::::'''Phainon:''' You might think I've now gained the chance for personal revenge.
::::'''Phainon:''' But trust me... my grudge pales in comparison to Amphoreus's future.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} They've already been defeated by us.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059846-->
::::'''Phainon:''' That's right. With the combined strength of the heroes, we defeated it in Castrum Kremnos. With Mydei's final strike alone, even if it managed to avoid complete annihilation, it must be gravely weakened.
::::'''Phainon:''' Still, we can't let our guard down. Before it returns, I'll sharpen my blade to protect my companions... At the very least, I won't let tragedies like what happened to Trianne happen before my eyes again.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all for now. Let's chat next time!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504059849-->
:::'''Phainon:''' Sure. Feel free to find me any time!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Nothing urgent for now. Let's chat next time!
::'''Phainon:''' Sure. Feel free to find me any time!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Phainon
|zhs  = 白厄
|zht  = 白厄
|ja   = ファイノン
|ko   = 파이논
|es   = Fainón
|fr   = Phaénon
|ru   = Фаенон
|th   = Phainon
|vi   = Phainon
|de   = Phainon
|id   = Phainon
|pt   = Phainon
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}