<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#"Spirithief" Bartholos#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC "Spirithief" Bartholos.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''"Spirithief" Bartholos''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_557_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 401570114: Config/Level/Mission/4015700/Act/Act401570114.json-->
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Clear skies, green grass, citizens out and about... Our ancestor Zagreus once said: "The slightest thought is a sin on an idle afternoon."
:'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Let's leave that matter aside for now and tell me what you wanted to talk about. I'll banter with you.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_401570114_157-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_401570114_157-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Tell me your story...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571404-->
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Haha, my tales of thievery are even longer than Mnestia's golden thread... I've stolen more things than Aquila has eyes.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' What do you wish to hear? The most harrowing heist, or my proudest feat?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The most harrowing heist.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571407-->
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' There was no more thrilling escapade than the time Thanatos sent me a raven with a message.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Bartholos, O Bartholos," it said, "you can steal everything beneath the sky, except for one thing: Georios' secret fruit, buried within the earth. How would you even be able to taste it?"
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' So I turned into a Steelclaw Beast and dug into the earth for countless days, my journey ending with the fruit in my belly. Honestly, it didn't taste like much.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' So Thanatos said again: "Bartholos, O Bartholos, you can steal everything beneath the sky, except for one thing: Cerces' secret fruit, perched atop the Grove. How would you even be able to taste it?"
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' So I turned into a bird and flew, resting my feet on ten branches, my journey ending at the treetop. Honestly, it didn't taste like much.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Hearing this, Thanatos laughed aloud: "Bartholos, O Bartholos, you have been fooled! I have summoned the currents from craggy crevices, and the clouds of roiling dark to drop these two fruits bearing the 'Core of Death'."
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Now, the seeds of death grow within you. Your pranks will upend the lands, and your tricks will wither all life. And all this will be in my service."
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' That was so frightening! I mustered my courage and replied...
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Hah, who would eat the seeds of a fruit?"
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_401571420-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571420-->
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Whether you take it as truth or just a harmless tall tale, that's up to you.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your proudest feat.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571417-->
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Crrkrrkk... material wealth is a most trite goal. There are many things to steal... Memories, wisdom, even status.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Neither keys nor crowbars are needed to steal them. Sometimes all it takes is a glib word, a heartfelt gesture, to have them swoon for your earnestness.
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I used just this method to steal an unimaginable secret... Which is also the reason why I'm standing here before you.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_401571420-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571420-->
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Whether you take it as truth or just a harmless tall tale, that's up to you.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} About your past...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571422-->
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Gosh, you wouldn't be one of those types, would you? Obsessively digging into one's past, picking out its shattered fragments, and then presumptuously asserting that the other party has been healing their trauma for their whole life?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' If you're thinking of pretending to empathize with me, then pretentiously persuading me to turn over a new leaf, you can save it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I have seen you in the past...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's very different from your present self.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571426-->
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Crrkk, whose leg are you pulling? Me? Obsequious and earnestly polite? Curious and full of energy? Only unleashing harsh words in a fit of powerless rage after being bullied?
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' S&mdash;Someone must be impersonating me! Or perhaps, it could be one of the steps in my plan back then... That must be it!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You sound agitated...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} We're just chatting, don't get antsy.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571430-->
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Am I? Nonsense. I am more than happy to acquiesce if you wish to speak on other things. But if you keep persisting on this matter, don't blame me for what happens next!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What else did Zagreus say?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571432-->
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' Ancestor Zagreus left many pearls of wisdom. Alas, people nowadays are selectively blind, only heeding Cerces' words &mdash; they can't even fathom that the paltry tricks of Cerces are all that remains after Zagreus stole everything else.
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' What do you wish to hear?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Some adages for the soul?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571435-->
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Wisdom brings you farther from foolishness, but foolishness brings you closer to happiness."
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' ...Ancestor Zagreus said this after successfully deceiving Cerces.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Some quotes about life?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571438-->
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Titans should not have little toes, and neither should humans."
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' ...Ancestor Zagreus mentioned this after stubbing its toe while fleeing.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Got any sayings for life hacks?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571441-->
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Theft is but retrieving what belonged to you in the first place."
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' ...That was ancestor Zagreus' first lesson.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Any worldly warnings?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571444-->
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' "Do not trust Okhemans, even if they only live in its outskirts."
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' ...Ancestor Zagreus espoused these words when ensnared in a trap set by the Okheman Elders.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Return}} Not very interested.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571447-->
:::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I shall respect your decision, but you're losing out!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Nah, I've got better stuff to do.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_401571449-->
::'''"Spirithief" Bartholos:''' I shan't see you off then. I should be on my walk on this idle afternoon.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}