<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Stagira#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = "Helkolithist" Scholar
|image           = NPC Stagira.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Eternal Holy City" Okhema
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Stagira''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Eternal Holy City" Okhema]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Eternal Holy City" Okhema|npc_372_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504801034: Config/Level/Mission/5048010/Act/Act504801034.json-->
::'''Stagira:''' Is that all you've got? You run a few steps, and you're in such a sorry state already? Don't go telling anyone you're my students, as you'll bring me nothing but shame!
::'''Student:''' ...S&mdash;Sir... Phew... We've&mdash;We've already done... t&mdash;twenty... laps around the... Marmoreal Palace...
::'''Stagira:''' Pfft, fine. Take a quint, then finish twenty sets of push-ups!
::'''Student:''' Ahh... S&mdash;Sir... They normally take their students' money for the lectures... N&mdash;Not their lives...
::'''Stagira:''' What, too much to handle already? Ah, if you weaklings don't start taking training seriously, you might never make it into the academy!
::'''Student:''' That's not what I mean... Why do we have to do this? I never saw any entrance exams for the other Schools... And that sling is way too heavy to swing...
::'''Stagira:''' It goes without saying, a powerful soul must be paired with a strong body, or it will never reach the pure truths!
::'''Student:''' But we came here to learn... With such intense training, I'm afraid we would become arena champions instead...
::'''Stagira:''' I will say this one more time! Our bodies are the vessels of our souls! Just as the growth of crops relies on the soil's nourishment, the nourishment of the soul cannot be separated from the abundance of the body...
::'''Stagira:''' If you simply pursue abundant harvests and spend all your time reaping without nurturing the land, one day the very foundation of our survival will dry up and wither.
::'''Stagira:''' For the soul to wither and decline before achieving elevation because of a debilitated body... What a tragedy that would be!
::'''Student:''' Even so...
::'''Stagira:''' Very well! As you've got the energy to argue, finish another five sets!
::'''Student:''' Huh!? No &mdash; Please, Sir, I was wrong!
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504033052: Config/Level/Mission/5040330/Act/Act504033052.json-->
::'''Stagira:''' My friend, you look competent. Are you interested in learning more about our school?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Stagira
|zhs  = 斯塔基拉
|zht  = 斯塔基拉
|ja   = スタギラ
|ko   = 스타기라
|es   = Estagira
|fr   = Stagira
|ru   = Стагир
|th   = Stagira
|vi   = Stagira
|de   = Stagira
|id   = Stagira
|pt   = Stagira
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}