<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hanya#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Hanya.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Fyxestroll Garden
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hanya''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Fyxestroll Garden]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Fyxestroll Garden|npc_136_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502100212: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P20223/Act/Act502100212.json-->
:{{A|VO side2 hzzy hanya 188.ogg}} '''Hanya:''' The Ten-Lords' Verdict of Karmic Atonement.
:'''Hanya:''' It's you, (Trailblazer). Do you need something? If it isn't urgent, please forgive me as I cannot be distracted for too long.
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502100212_414-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502100212_414-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} (Ask Hanya about the daily work)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502101144-->
::'''Hanya:''' The judges of the Ten-Lords Commission must undergo systematic training to be ready for every task. However, when it finally comes down to it, they are categorized into four different divisions &mdash; Detention, Incarceration, Interrogation, and Punishment.
::'''Hanya:''' Since I'm not good at combat, I am assigned to the Interrogation Division and tasked to deduce and interpret the Karmic Tome under the Ten Lords' supervision. My job is to gather intelligence in preparation for the next disaster. As a non-combat Judge of the pen, my job is considered the most useless among Judges.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} (Ask Hanya about the past)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502101147-->
::'''Hanya:''' Once you entered the Ten-Lords Commission, it's like entering a life after death. Your name and life before are meaningless.
::'''Hanya:''' Come to think of it, my sister and I have been working in the Ten-Lords Commission for nearly... Hmm, how long was that? Eight hundred years? A thousand years? ...Or was it a thousand and two hundred years?
::'''Hanya:''' ...Never mind about that. We sisters had been stricken by mara and committed a great offense. We were regretful. Thankfully, the Ten Lords took pity on us and granted us another chance.
::'''Hanya:''' I drank the wine of oblivion, using oneiromancy to understand Xianzhou people's flow of karma and calculate mara's next appearance. On the other hand, my sister was given an indestructible puppet body to capture evils.
::'''Hanya:''' Xueyi and Hanya are nicknames for the white and black pieces in a Xianzhou chess game. We sisters adopted these names to remind ourselves that we serve the Ten Lords and are at their disposal.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} (About the work at Ten-Lords Commission)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502101153-->
::'''Hanya:''' You seem interested in the Ten-Lords Commission's affairs, no less than Miss Guinaifen. It may seem too heartless for me to shut you up by saying "these are Xianzhou's affairs, and I have nothing to share." After all, upholding mystery will only beget prying eyes.
::'''Hanya:''' How about this? I can tell you some common knowledge of the responsibilities here.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (About the responsibility of the Ten-Lords Commission)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502101156-->
:::'''Hanya:''' As stated in the Ten-Lords Commission's Discipline, "the first division keeps vigils at night and evils at bay," "the second division punishes the criminals and pacifies the territory," and "the third division ensures fairness in the Karmic Wheel and life expectancy."
:::'''Hanya:''' Being the legal mechanism that monitors Xianzhou's long-life species, we are responsible for observing and escorting the Xianzhou natives who are succumbing to mara. We are also in charge of grounding the vicious criminals of the long-life species in the Shackling Prison as a sign of the Karmic Wheel manifestation.
:::'''Hanya:''' Lastly, and most importantly, we will keep the long-life species' true selves in the Hall of Karma for learning and studying, deducing when mara will strike.
:::'''Hanya:''' We are the emissaries of the afterlife, we are the inevitable death, and we offer all long-life species a dignified ending.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (About the targets of the Ten-Lords Commission's enforcement)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502101161-->
:::'''Hanya:''' Worried the judges might show up on your doorstep unannounced, (Trailblazer)? Don't be, we only pursue Xianzhou residents who are guilty of the Ten Unpardonable Sins.
:::'''Hanya:''' Regarding the Ten Unpardonable Sins... They're somewhat difficult to explain. I have a booklet here, feel free to have a read.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502101164-->
::'''Hanya:''' If you have any more questions, (Trailblazer), feel free to ask. However, due to the burden of my duties, I might not have ample time to answer all of them.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502100212-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_404026401-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hanya
|zhs  = 寒鸦
|zht  = 寒鴉
|ja   = 寒鴉
|ko   = 한아
|es   = Hanya
|fr   = Hanya
|ru   = Ханья
|th   = Hanya
|vi   = Hanya
|de   = Hanya
|id   = Hanya
|pt   = Hanya
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}