<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#NO. 437#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Aurumaton Spectral Envoy
|image           = NPC NO. 437.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Fyxestroll Garden
|relatives       = 
}}
'''NO. 437''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Fyxestroll Garden]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Fyxestroll Garden|npc_135_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502100210: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P20223/Act/Act502100210.json-->
::'''NO. 437:''' This area has been sealed off by the Ten-Lords Commission. Kindly refrain from loitering around in this area.
::'''NO. 437:''' Please follow me. Aurumaton Spectral Envoy No. 437 shall escort you out of here.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm one of us.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Ten-Lords Commission has invited me here. Are you chasing me off?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100945-->
::'''NO. 437:''' Searching information.
::'''NO. 437:''' Information verified. Aurumaton Spectral Envoy No. 437 hereby apologizes for failing to identify (Trailblazer).
::'''NO. 437:''' How can I help you?
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502100211: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P20223/Act/Act502100211.json-->
::'''NO. 437:''' (Trailblazer), how can I help?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I would like to ask you some questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100949-->
::'''NO. 437:''' Please do. Aurumaton Spectral Envoy No. 437 will do its best to answer your questions.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502100210_344-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502100210_344-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100951-->
:::'''NO. 437:''' I am Aurumaton Spectral Envoy No. 437. Aurumaton Spectral Envoy is an aurumaton model, and No. 437 is my serial number.
:::'''NO. 437:''' The role of an aurumaton spectral envoy is to assist the judges and spiritfarers in investigation and trial. We do not have the capability to make judgment, but we can assist others in making the correct judgment with our extensive database.
:::'''NO. 437:''' If you have questions when assisting the Ten-Lords Commission, please approach No. 437 or other aurumaton spectral envoys. Our jade abacus may contain the information you need.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are the Ten Sins?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100955-->
:::'''NO. 437:''' I assume you are asking about the Ten Unpardonable Sins.
:::'''NO. 437:''' The Ten Unpardonable Sins are the ten most serious offenses in the Xianzhou Alliance's law. The following is quoted from the ''Ten Lords' Penal Code'':
:::'''NO. 437:''' "One, Involuntary Immortalization. Two, Immortality Theft. Three, Beguilement. Four, Mara Ensnarement. Five, Phratry Murder."
:::'''NO. 437:''' "Six, Illicit Espionage. Seven, Prison Break. Eight, Sowing Discord. Nine, Incitement to Riot. Ten, Capsizing Xianzhou."
:::'''NO. 437:''' These ten offenses are the greatest sins that could shake the very foundation of the Alliance, and offenders must be severely punished.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who exactly are the Ten Lords?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100961-->
:::'''NO. 437:''' Answer not found. Aurumaton Spectral Envoy No. 437 sincerely apologizes for it.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What does the Ten-Lords Commission do?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100963-->
:::'''NO. 437:''' The following is quoted from the ''Ten Lords' Penal Code'': "The first division keeps vigils at night and evils at bay. The second division punishes the criminals and pacifies the territory. The third division ensures fairness in the Karmic Wheel and life expectancy."
:::'''NO. 437:''' In short, it guides those who succumbed to mara, deals with vicious criminals, and manages the order of life and death.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions. See you next time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100966-->
:::'''NO. 437:''' Take care. Aurumaton Spectral Envoy No. 437 prays for you.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you next time.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100968-->
::'''NO. 437:''' Take care. Aurumaton Spectral Envoy No. 437 prays for you.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}