<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Shouling#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Ten-Lords Commission Spiritfarer
|image           = NPC Shouling.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Fyxestroll Garden
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Shouling''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Fyxestroll Garden]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Fyxestroll Garden|npc_133_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502100205: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P20223/Act/Act502100205.json-->
::'''Shouling:''' Working in Fyxestroll Garden is actually quite nice, at least I don't have to deal with people's moods...
::'''Shouling:''' ...
::'''Shouling:''' (Trailblazer), you didn't hear me talking to myself just now, did you?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Did I hear what you said? No, I didn't.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100445-->
:::'''Shouling:''' It's okay if you heard me, you don't need to pretend that nothing happened, (Trailblazer).
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I heard you, you were just letting off steam.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100447-->
:::'''Shouling:''' Thank you for understanding, (Trailblazer).
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502100448-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100448-->
::'''Shouling:''' How did it feel using the Lunaumbra Gourd, the Ten-Lords Commission's sacred vessel, to imprison heliobi in one fell swoop?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It feels more like magic than technology?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100450-->
:::'''Shouling:''' Xianzhou people love to conceal all kinds of technology inside simple shapes.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It just seems like a gourd, really...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100452-->
:::'''Shouling:''' That's where you're mistaken, (Trailblazer).
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It makes me want to become a heliobus trainer!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100454-->
:::'''Shouling:''' Heliobus aren't meant to be used that way...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502100455-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100455-->
::'''Shouling:''' Well, as I have time on my hands, let me tell you a secret, (Trailblazer). The Lunaumbra Gourd can absorb more than just heliobi. It can absorb humans, too...
::'''Shouling:''' If I call your name, the Lunaumbra Gourd's system will begin to recognize your voice print. If you respond, the gourd will disengage its power limiters and draw you inside.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're joking?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100458-->
:::'''Shouling:''' Give it a try and you'll see.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} If I go in, you won't be able to carry me with just one hand...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100460-->
:::'''Shouling:''' Don't worry about me carrying you, I'll place the gourd on the table.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} If I go in, will you let me back out?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100462-->
:::'''Shouling:''' That, I cannot guarantee.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502100463-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100463-->
::'''Shouling:''' I hear that if a person is absorbed into the Lunaumbra Gourd, then affixed with a Ten-Lords Commission special talisman, they will be reduced to pus within an hour. I happen to have a Lunaumbra Gourd on me. Would you like to try, (Trailblazer)?
::The guard takes out the Lunaumbra Gourd and points the mouth at you.
::'''Shouling:''' (Trailblazer), I'm calling your name. Dare you respond?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Who is (Trailblazer)? I don't know that person.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am (Trailblazer)!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I am the Galactic Baseballer!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (I'll be okay as long as I don't respond)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100470-->
:;(Screen fades to black)
::Before you can react, you find yourself surrounded by darkness.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You didn't really trap me inside, did you?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Huohuo and the others won't let you get away with this...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Wait, this isn't what we agreed...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Help me, I'll do anything!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100475-->
::'''Shouling:''' Ta-da! You weren't sucked into the gourd, I just used a "blindfold" to cover your eyes.
::'''Shouling:''' Not bad, right? That saved me from my boredom a little, let me give you this as an apology for my little trick.
::'''Shouling:''' Was there anything else you needed me for, (Trailblazer)?
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502100207: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P20223/Act/Act502100207.json-->
::'''Shouling:''' How much longer must I be on duty... Oh, (Trailblazer)!
::'''Shouling:''' You've come to chat with the nicest spiritfarer in the Ten-Lords Commission again?
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd like to ask you something.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100479-->
::'''Shouling:''' Ask away, I have nothing else to do at the moment.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502100205_175-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502100205_175-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Can you tell me about the Ten-Lords Commission's exorcism tools?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100481-->
:::'''Shouling:''' The Ten-Lords Commission has prepared a series of targeted protocols and exorcism tools with different effects for different astral beings... This is also why the Ten-Lords Commission is more skilled at dealing with heliobus disasters than the Realm-Keeping Commission or the Cloud Knights.
:::'''Shouling:''' You see, the Ten-Lords Commission are not warriors, they are professionals.
:::'''Shouling:''' Huohuo used to oversee the management and maintenance of exorcism tools, she knows more about this stuff than I do.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I feel like I've seen a lot of spiritfarers?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100485-->
:::'''Shouling:''' Though you are an Outworlder, (Trailblazer), you have had many dealings with the Ten-Lords Commission... You know Madam Xueyi, Hanya, and the newly appointed Huohuo. Having met a few spiritfarers along the way is to be expected.
:::'''Shouling:''' However, I am the cutest spiritfarer of all, don't you forget that!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Has anyone told you that you've got a nasty personality?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100488-->
:::'''Shouling:''' I don't think so... I just like to grumble.
:::'''Shouling:''' I thought that coming to be stationed in Fyxestroll Garden was going to be a happy thing. I didn't realize that this place had been abandoned for so long that nothing interesting happened here. Even the Alchemy Commission where Hanming is stationed is more interesting...
:::'''Shouling:''' You may have a point, (Trailblazer). After all, there are a lot of strange people in the Ten-Lords Commission. As the saying goes: "You are the company you keep." Maybe I got influenced by them as well.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I won't bother you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100492-->
:::'''Shouling:''' Don't be silly, you've really lifted my spirits, (Trailblazer).
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I won't bother you.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502100494-->
::'''Shouling:''' Don't be silly, you've really lifted my spirits, (Trailblazer).
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}