<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Capote#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Lv. 4 Ecology Researcher
|image           = NPC Capote.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Storage Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Capote''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Storage Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Storage Zone|npc_60_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500207100_111-->
:<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500207100_111-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How many people have had their pain "soothed" by you?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500207119-->
::'''Capote:''' I'm not someone who likes to reap benefits for myself, and I hope you understand that.
::'''Capote:''' But since you asked, I will answer &mdash; After all, my life's duty is to dispel others' confusion!
::'''Capote:''' Do you see the burning gazes of the fans around us? Those passionate looks of rapture are the best evidence of having had their pains soothed!
::'''Capote:''' They no longer have their eyes clouded and now see the stars, and that is how they are able to passionately look at me... I mean, at truth and reality!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} The way you move seems to be deliberately designed...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500207124-->
::'''Capote:''' I understand what you mean. Many people have told me the same thing.
::'''Capote:''' People always get attracted by my body language and my eyes. I find it really frustrating.
::'''Capote:''' No matter how hard I try to refrain myself and avoid causing trouble for others, it never works.
::'''Capote:''' Maybe it's just a part of me that's beyond my control.
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you think about this invasion?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500207129-->
::'''Capote:''' A disaster! An absolute, complete disaster!
::'''Capote:''' I know that everyone on the space station is concerned these days and all hold different views regarding the invasion.
::'''Capote:''' However, I only see the horrified faces of my fans. Though roses moist with tears hold a special scent, it would be apocalyptic for such thick and sweet aromas to turn sour with sorrow.
::'''Capote:''' Therefore, I need to remain steadfast in my duty, and become their guiding light!
:;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500207135-->
::'''Capote:''' If you still hold confusion in your heart, please, come find me anytime. Of course, you may also write to me. I like that kind of classical communication method.
::'''Capote:''' You can give your letter to Lamina and she will look after it. I look forward to seeing you again &mdash; or seeing your letters.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Capote:''' Whether they are enemies from the abyss or people with ill intentions...
:'''Capote:''' So long as I'm in the space station, I will never let them ravage the territory of Madam Herta!
:'''Capote:''' If they are to trample on this pure land of science, they'll have to go through me first!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:'''Capote:''' If you still hold confusion in your heart, please, come find me anytime. Of course, you may also write to me. I like that kind of classical communication method.
:'''Capote:''' You can give your letter to Lamina and she will look after it. I look forward to seeing you again &mdash; or seeing your letters.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000101: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500000701.json-->
::{{A|VO vo ambient w0 greeting capote 101.ogg}} {{A|VO vo ambient w0 greeting capote 102.ogg}} '''Capote:''' Whether they are enemies from the abyss or people with ill intentions...
::'''Capote:''' So long as I'm in the space station, I will never let them ravage the territory of Madam Herta!
::'''Capote:''' If they are to trample on this pure land of science, they'll have to go through me first!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What are you doing here?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500207105-->
:::'''Capote:''' Oh! Here's another lost soul. Don't worry. I'll show you the way.
:::'''Capote:''' My name is Capote. I'm a member of the Department of Ecology, but my other identity is even more important...
:::'''Capote:''' I am a die-hard fan of Madam Herta!
:::'''Capote:''' I'm here to make my humble contributions to this space station, as well as to Madam Herta.
:::'''Capote:''' Though I cannot fight against these horrors and lay out a road to revival...
:::'''Capote:''' But with my words, I will guide all those who are lost and in a panic like yourself.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How can you help me?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500207112-->
:::'''Capote:''' Help? Right, you do look like you need some help.
:::'''Capote:''' I can see anxiety in your eyes. This emotion originates from fear. I can understand it.
:::'''Capote:''' And I will clear the uncertainty in your heart. This is the least I can do for Madam Herta.
:::'''Capote:''' Come! Confess it all to me! Tell me all your frustrations and pain, and let me soothe them for you!
:::'''Capote:''' *cough* Of course, this is just psychological help. If you feel any real discomfort, please seek out a medical doctor.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 90000102: Config/Level/NPC/W0/NPC_DefaultStory_500000700.json-->
::'''Capote:''' Whether they are enemies from the abyss or people with ill intentions...
::'''Capote:''' So long as I'm in the space station, I will never let them ravage the territory of Madam Herta!
::'''Capote:''' If they are to trample on this pure land of science, they'll have to go through me first!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I've got something to ask you.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_500207100_111-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_500207100_111-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How many people have had their pain "soothed" by you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500207119-->
:::'''Capote:''' I'm not someone who likes to reap benefits for myself, and I hope you understand that.
:::'''Capote:''' But since you asked, I will answer &mdash; After all, my life's duty is to dispel others' confusion!
:::'''Capote:''' Do you see the burning gazes of the fans around us? Those passionate looks of rapture are the best evidence of having had their pains soothed!
:::'''Capote:''' They no longer have their eyes clouded and now see the stars, and that is how they are able to passionately look at me... I mean, at truth and reality!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} The way you move seems to be deliberately designed...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500207124-->
:::'''Capote:''' I understand what you mean. Many people have told me the same thing.
:::'''Capote:''' People always get attracted by my body language and my eyes. I find it really frustrating.
:::'''Capote:''' No matter how hard I try to refrain myself and avoid causing trouble for others, it never works.
:::'''Capote:''' Maybe it's just a part of me that's beyond my control.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What do you think about this invasion?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500207129-->
:::'''Capote:''' A disaster! An absolute, complete disaster!
:::'''Capote:''' I know that everyone on the space station is concerned these days and all hold different views regarding the invasion.
:::'''Capote:''' However, I only see the horrified faces of my fans. Though roses moist with tears hold a special scent, it would be apocalyptic for such thick and sweet aromas to turn sour with sorrow.
:::'''Capote:''' Therefore, I need to remain steadfast in my duty, and become their guiding light!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500207135-->
:::'''Capote:''' If you still hold confusion in your heart, please, come find me anytime. Of course, you may also write to me. I like that kind of classical communication method.
:::'''Capote:''' You can give your letter to Lamina and she will look after it. I look forward to seeing you again &mdash; or seeing your letters.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have any other questions.
::'''Capote:''' If you still hold confusion in your heart, please, come find me anytime. Of course, you may also write to me. I like that kind of classical communication method.
::'''Capote:''' You can give your letter to Lamina and she will look after it. I look forward to seeing you again &mdash; or seeing your letters.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Capote
|zhs  = 卡波特
|zht  = 卡波特
|ja   = カポーティ
|ko   = 카포티
|es   = Capote
|fr   = Boomer
|ru   = Капоте
|th   = Capote
|vi   = Capote
|de   = Capote
|id   = Capote
|pt   = Calepo
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}