<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hinkel#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Head of Ecology
|image           = NPC Hinkel.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Storage Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hinkel''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Storage Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Storage Zone|npc_7_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200010111,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200010111,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200010111: Config/Level/Mission/2000101/Act/Act200010111.json-->
:'''Hinkel:''' ...What is this? "Battle of intellects is a source of pride. Physical exertion brings shame"? It's complete nonsense! So physical labor doesn't count as work now?
:'''Hinkel:''' Today, I'm gonna show them all what real work is about!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yep, show them!
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hear! Hear!
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022303-->
:'''Hinkel:''' All staff present, attention please &mdash; Herta Space Station is undergoing a difficult period of revival.
:'''Hinkel:''' In the battle with the Legion, some of our colleagues were slaughtered by monsters, and their cold bodies were thrown into the silent space.
:'''Hinkel:''' The cyber attack has erased years of research efforts. The damaged Curios are slowly disintegrating in a weightless environment.
:'''Hinkel:''' Everything within sight has been turned into a wasteland, and monsters are still roaming around in our cabins.
:'''Hinkel:''' No matter how many dazzling achievements you have made on your own, we can no longer afford to live like hermits.
:'''Hinkel:''' We need to mobilize every member of our staff, put down our inherent prejudices, and work together to recover the lost Curios and repair the damaged cabins.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So inspiring!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022312-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} So lame...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022313-->
::'''Hinkel:''' Silence! If any staff member feels unhappy with this, please air your grievances to me face to face.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm all ears.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022312-->
:'''Hinkel:''' If you don't mind, I don't want to hear any more complaints about physical labor, nor do I want to see anyone putting off work.
:'''Hinkel:''' If you are interested in Curio recovery, please report to the Curio Collection Squad under Mr. Wen Mingde in the base zone as soon as possible.
:'''Hinkel:''' Those who are interested in repair work, come to me now to learn the process.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can help with the repairs.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022319-->
::'''Hinkel:''' Good, good. Are you the young {{MC|m=man|f=lady}} who helped out in the master control zone? I have a special task for you.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does everyone have to participate?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022321-->
::'''Hinkel:''' Every staff member must take responsibility sooner or later. The space station is now in dire need of restoration. I believe we can use everyone's help.
::'''Hinkel:''' I remember you. You are the young {{MC|m=man|f=lady}} who helped out in the master control zone. Great. I have a special task for you.
:'''Hinkel:''' 45 meters out the door from where we are now, there is a major road defect.
:'''Hinkel:''' I've checked, and the small ordnance depot on the other side of the defect is swarming with monsters. I'm afraid ordinary staff won't be able to deal with this.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry. Just leave it to me.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like I am the only one...
:<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022326-->
:'''Hinkel:''' Yes, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|make sure to repair the road and eliminate the monsters at the end of it.}}
:'''Hinkel:''' I have many other matters to attend to. Please report back to me when you finish the task.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200010111-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"ID": 200010113,
		"Type": "submission_state_equal",
		"Param1": 200010113,
		"Param2": 1
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200010113: Config/Level/Mission/2000101/Act/Act200010113.json-->
:'''Hinkel:''' {{MC|f=Young lady|m=Young man}}, you're back. Let me concentrate and inspect your work.
:'''Hinkel:''' There is a 0.5 ms time delay between the sound reaching both ears, which indicates that the source is in the 3 or 9 o'clock position.
:'''Hinkel:''' The sound is much louder in the left ear, which confirms the 9 o'clock position. That means the monsters in the 3 o'clock position have been eliminated. Good job.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Such an incredible skill!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022333-->
::'''Hinkel:''' It's just sonar positioning. Nothing to brag about.
::'''Hinkel:''' In the Herta Department of Ecology, we deal with all sorts of cosmic creatures every day. Developing this kind of ability is just part of our training.
::'''Hinkel:''' The staff of Herta Space Station possess many different abilities. After meeting a few of us, you won't be surprised anymore.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't hear anything.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022337-->
::'''Hinkel:''' You're untrained. It's normal that you can't hear anything. This is a sonar positioning technique that is unique to the space station's Ecology staff.
::'''Hinkel:''' In the Herta Department of Ecology, we deal with all sorts of cosmic creatures every day. Developing this kind of ability is just part of our training.
::'''Hinkel:''' The staff of Herta Space Station possess many different abilities. After meeting a few of us, you won't be surprised anymore.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't you just take a look...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022341-->
::'''Hinkel:''' Hehe, you have a point.
::'''Hinkel:''' I should also reflect on whether I, like so many others, have fallen into the trap of overreliance on Erudition and disregarding the much simpler and perhaps more effective methods.
:'''Hinkel:''' In short, thank you for your contribution to Herta Space Station. This is the reward I managed to secure for you from Lead Researcher Asta. Please take it.
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you. You seem to care a lot about this place.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022345-->
:{{DIcon|Arrow}} No need to reward me for such a minor good deed.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022346-->
::'''Hinkel:''' I disagree. All these minor acts of kindness are precisely what make the reconstruction possible.
:'''Hinkel:''' Back when I was an unknown researcher, I was told by the first group of people who worked on the construction of Herta Space Station, "This universe is never friendly. Rather, it is vast and dark."
:'''Hinkel:''' In this vast universe, there are countless pairs of eyes staring at the space station, with various intentions.
:'''Hinkel:''' Some covet its Curios, while others envy its neutrality and freedom.
:'''Hinkel:''' Others despise it or see it as a chess piece that can be destroyed and trampled on at will.
:'''Hinkel:''' Perhaps we researchers are the only ones who understand the joy, sadness, epiphany, and companionship that it has brought us.
:'''Hinkel:''' Which is why it is up to us to give everything we have to protect it.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200010113-->
<pre>
[
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200010111
	},
	{
		"Type": "SubMission",
		"ID": 200010113
	}
]
</pre>
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010111-->)
:{{DIcon}} 
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200010111: Config/Level/Mission/2000101/Act/Act200010111.json-->
::'''Hinkel:''' ...What is this? "Battle of intellects is a source of pride. Physical exertion brings shame"? It's complete nonsense! So physical labor doesn't count as work now?
::'''Hinkel:''' Today, I'm gonna show them all what real work is about!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yep, show them!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hear! Hear!
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022303-->
::'''Hinkel:''' All staff present, attention please &mdash; Herta Space Station is undergoing a difficult period of revival.
::'''Hinkel:''' In the battle with the Legion, some of our colleagues were slaughtered by monsters, and their cold bodies were thrown into the silent space.
::'''Hinkel:''' The cyber attack has erased years of research efforts. The damaged Curios are slowly disintegrating in a weightless environment.
::'''Hinkel:''' Everything within sight has been turned into a wasteland, and monsters are still roaming around in our cabins.
::'''Hinkel:''' No matter how many dazzling achievements you have made on your own, we can no longer afford to live like hermits.
::'''Hinkel:''' We need to mobilize every member of our staff, put down our inherent prejudices, and work together to recover the lost Curios and repair the damaged cabins.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So inspiring!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022312-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So lame...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022313-->
:::'''Hinkel:''' Silence! If any staff member feels unhappy with this, please air your grievances to me face to face.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm all ears.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022312-->
::'''Hinkel:''' If you don't mind, I don't want to hear any more complaints about physical labor, nor do I want to see anyone putting off work.
::'''Hinkel:''' If you are interested in Curio recovery, please report to the Curio Collection Squad under Mr. Wen Mingde in the base zone as soon as possible.
::'''Hinkel:''' Those who are interested in repair work, come to me now to learn the process.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can help with the repairs.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022319-->
:::'''Hinkel:''' Good, good. Are you the young {{MC|m=man|f=lady}} who helped out in the master control zone? I have a special task for you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does everyone have to participate?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022321-->
:::'''Hinkel:''' Every staff member must take responsibility sooner or later. The space station is now in dire need of restoration. I believe we can use everyone's help.
:::'''Hinkel:''' I remember you. You are the young {{MC|m=man|f=lady}} who helped out in the master control zone. Great. I have a special task for you.
::'''Hinkel:''' 45 meters out the door from where we are now, there is a major road defect.
::'''Hinkel:''' I've checked, and the small ordnance depot on the other side of the defect is swarming with monsters. I'm afraid ordinary staff won't be able to deal with this.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't worry. Just leave it to me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Looks like I am the only one...
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022326-->
::'''Hinkel:''' Yes, {{Color|keyword|nobold=1|make sure to repair the road and eliminate the monsters at the end of it.}}
::'''Hinkel:''' I have many other matters to attend to. Please report back to me when you finish the task.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200010111-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010113--> and {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 200010111-->)
:{{DIcon}} 
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 200010113: Config/Level/Mission/2000101/Act/Act200010113.json-->
::'''Hinkel:''' {{MC|f=Young lady|m=Young man}}, you're back. Let me concentrate and inspect your work.
::'''Hinkel:''' There is a 0.5 ms time delay between the sound reaching both ears, which indicates that the source is in the 3 or 9 o'clock position.
::'''Hinkel:''' The sound is much louder in the left ear, which confirms the 9 o'clock position. That means the monsters in the 3 o'clock position have been eliminated. Good job.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Such an incredible skill!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022333-->
:::'''Hinkel:''' It's just sonar positioning. Nothing to brag about.
:::'''Hinkel:''' In the Herta Department of Ecology, we deal with all sorts of cosmic creatures every day. Developing this kind of ability is just part of our training.
:::'''Hinkel:''' The staff of Herta Space Station possess many different abilities. After meeting a few of us, you won't be surprised anymore.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I can't hear anything.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022337-->
:::'''Hinkel:''' You're untrained. It's normal that you can't hear anything. This is a sonar positioning technique that is unique to the space station's Ecology staff.
:::'''Hinkel:''' In the Herta Department of Ecology, we deal with all sorts of cosmic creatures every day. Developing this kind of ability is just part of our training.
:::'''Hinkel:''' The staff of Herta Space Station possess many different abilities. After meeting a few of us, you won't be surprised anymore.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why don't you just take a look...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022341-->
:::'''Hinkel:''' Hehe, you have a point.
:::'''Hinkel:''' I should also reflect on whether I, like so many others, have fallen into the trap of overreliance on Erudition and disregarding the much simpler and perhaps more effective methods.
::'''Hinkel:''' In short, thank you for your contribution to Herta Space Station. This is the reward I managed to secure for you from Lead Researcher Asta. Please take it.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Thank you. You seem to care a lot about this place.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022345-->
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No need to reward me for such a minor good deed.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_200022346-->
:::'''Hinkel:''' I disagree. All these minor acts of kindness are precisely what make the reconstruction possible.
::'''Hinkel:''' Back when I was an unknown researcher, I was told by the first group of people who worked on the construction of Herta Space Station, "This universe is never friendly. Rather, it is vast and dark."
::'''Hinkel:''' In this vast universe, there are countless pairs of eyes staring at the space station, with various intentions.
::'''Hinkel:''' Some covet its Curios, while others envy its neutrality and freedom.
::'''Hinkel:''' Others despise it or see it as a chess piece that can be destroyed and trampled on at will.
::'''Hinkel:''' Perhaps we researchers are the only ones who understand the joy, sadness, epiphany, and companionship that it has brought us.
::'''Hinkel:''' Which is why it is up to us to give everything we have to protect it.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Mission_200010113-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hinkel
|zhs  = 辛克尔
|zht  = 辛克爾
|ja   = シンクル
|ko   = 힌켈
|es   = Hinkel
|fr   = Hinkel
|ru   = Хинкель
|th   = Hinkel
|vi   = Hinkel
|de   = Hinkel
|id   = Hinkel
|pt   = Hinkel
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}