<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Gray Bean Paste#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Ruan Mei's Creation
|image           = NPC Gray Bean Paste.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Seclusion Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Gray Bean Paste''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Seclusion Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Seclusion Zone|npc_59_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 900000153: Config/Level/Mission/5000030/Act/Act900000153.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice",
	"VoiceIDs": [
		500015401
	]
}</pre>
::You accommodate the tiny thing in the botanical room to absorb starlight, which seems to be quite effective in assuaging its negative emotions.
::At least its tears no longer drown the innocent plants nearby now.
::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' Ruan Mei... *sobs* She's abandoned us... *sobs*
::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' It's you? I remember you. You never visit again after leaving. Look, I'm being dumped at the recycling station! Isn't it embarrassing? Isn't it? Meow!
::The moment the tiny thing sees you, it holds back its teary voice and starts grumbling at you. It seems to be slightly annoyed at you.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This isn't shameful at all.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500015308-->
:::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' Really? I thought I was dumped here because I failed to impress Ruan Mei... *sobs*
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't feel dejected. You should get more starlight.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500015310-->
:::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' Starlight? I feel so down that even the starlight is avoiding me... You don't like me, and neither does Ruan Mei... *sob, sob*
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500015311-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500015311-->
::Looking distraught, it curls its tail tightly around its feet and stares at you uneasily.
::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' I'm just a failure that even Ruan Mei doesn't want. Say, are you here to laugh at me? Meow?
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 900000154: Config/Level/Mission/5000030/Act/Act900000154.json-->
::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' Ruan Mei... *sobs* She's abandoned us... *sobs*
::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' Why are you here again? Are you sending me to some recycling station again?
::Although the little guy's voice is still bitter, you can discern a trace of hope in its eyes. It seems like much of its past gloominess has dissipated.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} You've got the wrong idea. There's something I want to tell you...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_900000155_359-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_900000155_359-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I'm here for you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500015504-->
:::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' Really? Is it... because Ruan Mei has given up on me? Are you doing this out of sympathy?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You should talk to your peers.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500015506-->
:::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' My peers? Only Salty Rimeplume is willing to talk to me. Everyone else avoids me because I'm crying all the time.
:::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' And... there's also Molten Cheese Tart, who sometimes comes out of its way just to mock me. *sniffles* It said that Ruan Mei didn't visit me because that's how much of a loser I am.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Perhaps, she's thinking about you now.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500015509-->
:::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' Do you mean Ruan Mei&mdash; Ruan Mei is thinking about me now? I guess, even if she is, she must be wondering what has gone wrong in creating me...
:::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' If she's really thinking about me, why does she send you to accommodate me here and refuse to visit me?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} You aren't a failure, you're special.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500015512-->
:::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' Special? If I'm really special, why doesn't she take me with her?
:::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' Ruan Mei doesn't need a failure like me. No matter how special I am, I'm still a failure! Meow! A failure!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have anything else to say.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500015515-->
:::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' See? Even you're ignoring me. *sobs*
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all I have to say.
::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' I seem to feel better after talking to you.
::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' Yet, there's still an emptiness in my heart. My bean paste filling makes me look moldy...
::'''Gray Bean Paste:''' I knew it... I'm a failure, and so are all of you. This is the recycling station, and we're destined to be dumped! Meow!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}