<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Insighter#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Ruan Mei's Creation
|image           = NPC Insighter.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Seclusion Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Insighter''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Seclusion Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Seclusion Zone|npc_64_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 900000170: Config/Level/Mission/5000030/Act/Act900000170.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice",
	"VoiceIDs": [
		500017101
	]
}</pre>
::'''Insighter:''' Guys, please be very, very careful of those thugs under Gray Bean Paste. We need to take them seriously.
::'''Insighter:''' Ah, it's you! It was you who sent me to that wicked teleporter! Because of you, I landed on my face and suffered for a long time!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I did? I can't remember anything.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017005-->
:::'''Insighter:''' I can't believe you don't remember me! Have you forgotten about Lord Molten Cheese Tart too?
:::'''Insighter:''' You're a bad guy! How can you do this to us!?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm sorry for being too rough on you guys.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017008-->
:::'''Insighter:''' Mwahaha, you just apologized to me! I didn't expect your noble self would be willing to do that!
:::'''Insighter:''' After all, you're Miss Ruan Mei's assistant &mdash; or should I say "deputy"?
:::'''Insighter:''' Since you've apologized, I'll forgive you!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500017011-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017011-->
::'''Insighter:''' Mwahaha, what a surprise to see you here! By the way, I have a little secret to share with you. Don't tell the other bad snacks...
::'''Insighter:''' Please stop addressing me as "Molten Cheese Tart" in public, not even "Honorable Lord Molten Cheese Tart".
::'''Insighter:''' Now, I'm called the "Insighter," I am one who is wise and well-composed. Please call me "Lord Insighter" or "The Wise Lord Insighter" in the future!
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 900000171: Config/Level/Mission/5000030/Act/Act900000171.json-->
::'''Insighter:''' Guys, please be very, very careful of those thugs under Gray Bean Paste. We need to take them seriously.
:'''Insighter:''' As a genius, I've figured out all the secrets in this zone, and I'm offering free life advice to everyone. If you run into any trouble, you can come to me!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to ask...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_900000172_744-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_900000172_744-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you a friend or a foe of Gray Bean Paste?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017204-->
:::'''Insighter:''' I'm no friend of that loser who's always crying and full of negativity! Don't ask something with such an obvious answer!
:::'''Insighter:''' How is it supposed to gain Ruan Mei's recognition with all that negativity? We don't want it to spread its pessimism to other creations!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why the sudden name change?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017207-->
:::Molten Cheese Tart&mdash; nope, the one who identifies as Insighter, looks at you with a firm gaze.
:::'''Insighter:''' You taught me to be humble. Don't you remember that?
:::'''Insighter:''' Ruan Mei admires you, so I'll listen to your advice and be someone like you!
:::'''Insighter:''' The impression "Molten Cheese Tart" has left on everyone is set too deep to be changed, not even by a genius like me! So, I decided to get a new name and start afresh!
:::'''Insighter:''' As long as my changes are significant enough, Ruan Mei will definitely be moved by my effort!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What are you doing here?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017213-->
:::'''Insighter:''' Mwahaha, I bet no one knows Ruan Mei better than I! It's a shame that most of my peers are too dumb to discern what Ruan Mei likes and gravitates to.
:::'''Insighter:''' So, I have to shoulder the responsibility by showing everyone the way to win over Ruan Mei's favor!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I have no more questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017216-->
:::'''Insighter:''' Just ask me if you're unsure of something. Don't be a know-it-all.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I have no more questions.
::'''Insighter:''' Alright! Catch you later.
::'''Insighter:''' Mwahaha, it's just a matter of time for me to gain Miss Ruan Mei's recognition with my knowledge and vision!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}