<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Mung "Sentimental" Bean#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Ruan Mei's Creation
|image           = NPC Mung "Sentimental" Bean.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Seclusion Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Seclusion Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Seclusion Zone|npc_56_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 900000145: Config/Level/Mission/5000030/Act/Act900000145.json-->
::You hear the humming of a rhythmic tune. The energetic tune makes you feel proud of your labor.
::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' Dum, da-dum, dee-dum!
::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' Are you here to meet Miss Ruan Mei? She's not around at the moment, but she'll be back soon!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You seem very busy.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014506-->
:::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' We can't slack off even though Miss Ruan Mei isn't here.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Don't stand on ceremony. I'm just here for a casual visit.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014508-->
:::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' We're just doing what we should.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500014509-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014509-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 900000208: Config/Level/Mission/5000030/Act/Act900000208.json-->
::You hear the humming of a rhythmic tune. The energetic tune makes you feel proud of your labor.
::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' Dum, da-dum, dee-dum!
::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' Are you here to meet Miss Ruan Mei? She's not around at the moment, but she'll be back soon!
:'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' Miss Ruan Mei is coming back to a more comfy working place. I'm sure she'll be thrilled!
:You see beads of sweat trickling down its face, and its eyes are brimming with anticipation.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Actually...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_900000146_162-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_900000146_162-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Maybe Ruan Mei can't even see your effort.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014604-->
:::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' Since she has to give her love to so many of her creations, it's perfectly normal for her to overlook us for some time!
:::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' It doesn't matter! I'm happy as long as Miss Ruan Mei can enjoy my meticulous service! I believe she'll be touched over time.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Maybe Ruan Mei has noticed you for a long time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014607-->
:::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' R&mdash;Really? It's hard to believe she notices me out of so many of her creations! That's amazing...
:::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' There's a chance it's true, isn't it? I must work harder to never let Miss Ruan Mei down!
:::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' What should I do about that... Let me finish the work for the entire week today!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Maybe you should stop expecting attention from Ruan Mei.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014611-->
:::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' Miss Ruan Mei is our creator. We can't leave her alone.
:::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' How is she going to deal with her troubles without us... I can feel her loneliness just by imagining the situation. No way! I can't let that happen!
:::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' We'll always support Miss Ruan Mei at all times and places!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have anything else to say.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014617-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} Good luck and let's talk another time.
::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' Thanks for your wish! I believe good luck comes with hard work!
::'''Mung "Sentimental" Bean:''' I have to keep my nose to the grindstone to finish the work today. Hopefully, Miss Ruan Mei will be impressed by our work when she visits!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}