<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sightless Orphan#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Ruan Mei's Creation
|image           = NPC Sightless Orphan.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Seclusion Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Sightless Orphan''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Seclusion Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Seclusion Zone|npc_65_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 900000173: Config/Level/Mission/5000030/Act/Act900000173.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice",
	"VoiceIDs": [
		500017402
	]
}</pre>
::'''Sightless Orphan:''' I see the way to the space station, but how do I get there?
::'''Sightless Orphan:''' Oh, hello. This is my first time running into a human here.
::'''Sightless Orphan:''' You seem surprised to hear me speak.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How come you can speak human language?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017306-->
:::'''Sightless Orphan:''' After meeting some of Ruan Mei's creations, you should have realized there are no definite rules as to how Ruan Mei uses her boundless intellect.
:::'''Sightless Orphan:''' Perhaps, the ways different life forms communicate with each other are far more diverse than we can imagine. So, it's not much of a surprise that I can speak your language.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Your voice is quite special.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017309-->
:::'''Sightless Orphan:''' Haha, thanks for your compliment. Ruan Mei created me and granted me a unique way of surviving and thinking. Maybe it's those things that shape my voice.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500017310-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017310-->
::'''Sightless Orphan:''' This is called the seclusion zone on the space station, right? I found related records from the little robot.
::'''Sightless Orphan:''' I can feel Ruan Mei's aura on you, so I suppose you two have met before. You're probably more familiar with this zone than I am, but I've also learned a thing or two after exploring alone for a long time.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 900000174: Config/Level/Mission/5000030/Act/Act900000174.json-->
::'''Sightless Orphan:''' I see the way to the space station, but how do I get there?
::'''Sightless Orphan:''' Hey, here we are again. I've learned a thing or two after exploring this place alone for a long time.
:'''Sightless Orphan:''' If you're interested or have any questions, I'll do my best to answer them.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to ask...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_900000175_812-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_900000175_812-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you need my help getting to other zones?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017504-->
:::'''Sightless Orphan:''' I know how to go. I have to take something called an "elevator" or "shuttle," right?
:::'''Sightless Orphan:''' Thanks for your kind offer, but some paths are meant to be taken alone. That's how I can find the answer I'm looking for.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Are you looking for Ruan Mei?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017507-->
:::'''Sightless Orphan:''' Yes. Actually, I've been taking the scenic route, in the hopes that I'll uncover the secrets of life before meeting her. Also...
:::'''Sightless Orphan:''' I'd like to find where I belong in this vast universe.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I'm very curious what you taste like?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017510-->
:::'''Sightless Orphan:''' I'm fermented dough sprinkled with some pepper and salt to develop into a different texture.
:::It gives you a wink, and what it says seems to be hinting at something.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is there anything interesting going on?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017513-->
:::'''Sightless Orphan:''' I suggest you have a chat with my peers. Just like me, they are Ruan Mei's creations, and their perception of themselves may sound intriguing to you.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I have no more questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500017515-->
:::'''Sightless Orphan:''' Until we meet again.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I have no more questions.
::'''Sightless Orphan:''' Until we meet again. I hope I'll have already found my answer by then.
::'''Sightless Orphan:''' I will explore alone until the fog has lifted from my head...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}