<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Wendy#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Ruan Mei's Creation
|image           = NPC Wendy.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Seclusion Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Wendy''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Seclusion Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Seclusion Zone|npc_54_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 900000139: Config/Level/Mission/5000030/Act/Act900000139.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice",
	"VoiceIDs": [
		500014002
	]
}</pre>
::'''Wendy:''' Hi, there! I am... um, Wenfry gave me a name... What was it again? Ah, it's Wendy! My name is Wendy!
::'''Wendy:''' You look different from us... Are you a space station researcher? Can you share some stories about your department with me?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Tell her about your experience at the space station)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500013905-->
:::'''Wendy:''' That's awesome! But... I'm having trouble following many of the things you said. Alas, if Wenfry were here, I'm sure she could get it. I wish I were as smart as her.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not a researcher, but I'm greater than one.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500013907-->
:::'''Wendy:''' Eh? How come you're here if you aren't a researcher? I thought you came down from up there.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500013908-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500013908-->
::'''Wendy:''' You must be very smart given how tall you are. Wenfry is slightly taller and so much more knowledgeable than me...
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 900000140: Config/Level/Mission/5000030/Act/Act900000140.json-->
::'''Wendy:''' Ah, it's you again! I met you before, and I asked you whether you were a researcher last time! My name is...
::'''Wendy:''' My name is... um, Wenfry gave me a name... What was it again? Ah, it's Wendy! My name is Wendy!
::'''Wendy:''' How can I help you?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I have some questions for you...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_900000141_43-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_900000141_43-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why are there so many Wens on the space station?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014104-->
:::'''Wendy:''' According to Wenfry, "Wen" is the official last name of space station researchers. It might be some sort of initiation ritual for them.
:::'''Wendy:''' Ms. Wenfry also said that the researchers were all brilliant people. I wanted to be smart like them, so she gave both of us a researcher name.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Who is this Wenfry?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014107-->
:::'''Wendy:''' Wenfry is my best friend! We even have a similar peachy scent, though hers is stronger.
:::'''Wendy:''' That's why she's smarter and more knowledgeable than me. Although we've never left this place since we were little, she's able to keep abreast of things. *sigh* If only I were as smart as her...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why are you trying to find out about the space station?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014110-->
:::'''Wendy:''' Wenfry said it was boring here. That's how I feel too. She also said we could go up to take a look at the space station, but we haven't found the route.
:::'''Wendy:''' Ms. Wenfry tells me about the space station whenever she has time, but she's not always free, so...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I have no more questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014113-->
:::'''Wendy:''' Sure, let's talk another time.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll leave you to it.
::'''Wendy:''' Sure thing! Come talk to me more when you're free. It gets pretty boring sometimes.
::'''Wendy:''' I heard the space station is just above us, I wonder what life there is like? I really wanna go take a look with Wenfry...
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}