<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Wenfry#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Ruan Mei's Creation
|image           = NPC Wenfry.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Herta Space Station
|location        = Seclusion Zone
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Wenfry''' is an NPC on [[Herta Space Station]], located in [[Seclusion Zone]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Seclusion Zone|npc_55_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 900000142: Config/Level/Mission/5000030/Act/Act900000142.json-->
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.PlayVoice",
	"VoiceIDs": [
		500014301
	]
}</pre>
::'''Wenfry:''' It's suuuuper boring to be cooped up here all day. Everything here is boring... Um, except for Wubbaboo... and Wendy.
::'''Wenfry:''' Mm, you look funny. I've never seen such a tall... Um, are you that... space station researcher that Wubbaboo talks about?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It's not my fault I grew so tall.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014205-->
:::'''Wenfry:''' I hear that researchers are typically humans. Wubbaboo says that their caretaker is kinda short, about the same height as us.
:::'''Wenfry:''' I'm surprised to see a researcher as tall as you. It's disappointing for me to see the human species being so unstable.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Take a guess!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014208-->
:::'''Wenfry:''' Guess if I'll take a guess.
:::It lets out a disgruntled snort, which sounds like a purr coming from the throat of a small feline creature.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_500014210-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014210-->
::It gives the hem of your clothing a serious sniff and frowns disapprovingly.
::'''Wenfry:''' The smell on you is quite strange. There's a metallic, rusty scent, a faint freshness, and... so many different senses? Is this what they call the "researcher" smell?
::'''Wenfry:''' Yes, Wubbaboo said you guys have to do research regularly... I see now... The space station is really fascinating, even the smells are so complex. It's amazing... Unlike me, stuck in this lousy place all day with nothing much to do...
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 900000143: Config/Level/Mission/5000030/Act/Act900000143.json-->
::'''Wenfry:''' It's suuuuper boring to be cooped up here all day. Everything here is boring... Um, except for Wubbaboo... and Wendy.
::'''Wenfry:''' Oh, it's you again. What's up?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I want to ask...
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_900000144_43-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_900000144_43-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you know Wubbaboo too?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014404-->
:::'''Wenfry:''' Yes, there's a Wubbaboo here. I had a chat with it, and it said it sneaked out from some sort of compartment in the space station, even told me a lot of stories about the space station.
:::'''Wenfry:''' Wubbaboo seems a bit slow... That's why it's being manipulated by that pretentious Joseph guy. I pointed that out to Wubbaboo, but my advice fell on deaf ears...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Would you like to visit the other zones?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014407-->
:::'''Wenfry:''' As in to sightsee? Oh, please, don't treat me like one of those Wubbaboo. I'm nothing like it, I don't spend my days goofing around.
:::'''Wenfry:''' I've thought it all through. Based on Wubbaboo's description and my evaluation of my intelligence level, I don't think there's much difference between me and the researchers as mentioned by Wubbaboo. I'm sure I can be a researcher too.
:::'''Wenfry:''' I'm going to secretly work on my research. If everything goes well, I'll be able to blow Miss Ruan Mei away with my result!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why are there so many Wens on the space station?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014411-->
:::'''Wenfry:''' I heard from the Wubbaboo that the Department of Ecolurgy researcher who took care of it was a kid named Wen Deliao or something. Many people in that department, old or young, have Wen as their last name. It seems to be a tradition of that department.
:::'''Wenfry:''' As the most promising lifeform under Miss Ruan Mei's guidance, I believe I'll one day lead the Department of Ecolurgy. So, I've changed my name in advance to blend in with everyone else when the day comes.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you sure you didn't mishear the name?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014414-->
::::'''Wenfry:''' I was sure the name is "Wen Deliao." You can find out for yourself if you don't believe me.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What kind of tradition is that?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014416-->
::::'''Wenfry:''' I wondered about that before, and I figured there are two possible explanations &mdash; either everyone on the planet has the last name of Wen, or all researchers that join the Department of Ecolurgy are required to have a codename. I believe it's the latter.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I have no more questions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_500014418-->
:::'''Wenfry:''' Well, you'd better take your leave. I need some time alone.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll leave you to it.
::'''Wenfry:''' Sure, let's talk again soon. Next time... you can share your experience at the space station with me.
::'''Wenfry:''' I should probably change my perception of the space station researchers, they don't seem to be that much more intelligent than I am... Looks like I have what it takes to be a researcher too.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}