<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Beastar#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Animal Lover
|image           = NPC Beastar.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Beastar''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Dreamscape)|npc_632_400003}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051304: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051304.json-->
::----
::'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' (Meow...)
::'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' (Meow!)
::It seems to be fond of this place.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Chat)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051385-->
::----
::----
::'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' (Meow?)
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} It seems to be asking for your thoughts on the drinks.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051387-->
:::'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' (Meow!)
:::It seems interested in the drinks you've mixed!
:::'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' (Meow...)
:::It seems to regret not getting a drink...
:::'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' (Meow?)
:::It seems to be asking if it can pack the drinks and take them away.
:::'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' (Meow.)
:::It jumps off the chair and doesn't seem interested in talking anymore.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know what you think about me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051396-->
:::'''Ruan Mei's Creation:''' (...Meow?)
:::{{Black Screen|What's going on? The moment you ask the question, an Intellitron girl pops out of nowhere!}}
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: G20311_N400005_1-->
:::----
:::'''Beastar:''' ...What do you mean?
:::'''Beastar:''' Consider yourself warned &mdash; don't get any funny ideas about those cute little animals. They are pure, and it's best to keep your distance, or you will taint them with human stink.
:::'''Beastar:''' As for you... I've heard about this lounge. Even if you seem like someone who treats animals the same as humans, I'm not trusting you completely.
:::'''Beastar:''' Differences in life forms can't be easily ignored, and mutual understanding is merely empty talk!
:::----
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: G20311_N400005_2-->
:::{{Black Screen|What's going on? The moment you ask the question, an Intellitron girl pops out of nowhere!}}
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051307: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051307.json-->
::----
::You attempt to engage in conversation with the customer before you, but they seem immersed in the leisurely ambiance of the lounge, oblivious to your presence.
::----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}