<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Brona#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Busker
|image           = NPC Brona.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Brona''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Dreamscape)|npc_630_400004}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051105: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051105.json-->
::'''Brona:''' Automated machines for service... Are they truly capable of possessing souls, experiencing pleasure, and appreciating art?
::'''Brona:''' Perhaps I should reflect upon myself during my stay here.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Chat)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051174-->
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
::----
::'''Brona:''' Alright, the music here is perfect for a conversation. What would you like to discuss?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know what you think about monsters.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051176-->
:::'''Brona:''' Before my arrival in Penacony, I heard that there are automated machines designed for amusement in the Dreamscape. They're obedient and always do their job well. However, tools are tools, and they'll never replace human beings.
:::'''Brona:''' I'm fine with most things here, but those automated orchestras... What they produce is not music, but soulless cacophony!
:::'''Brona:''' As for the monsters in the lounge, well... I admit they've presented me with a new perspective on the automated machines. In a way, they can be considered "beings" with a similar perception of the world as we do.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...So, how about the automated orchestra?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051180-->
::::'''Brona:''' That's a touchy subject. I need to think more about it. But until I come to a conclusion, I won't change my distaste for it.
::::'''Brona:''' Look, I'm saying all this because... my love for music will never change.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Will you show them respect?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051183-->
::::'''Brona:''' I will... perhaps? I mean, why not? I'm not so bored that I find pleasure in bullying those little creatures.
::::'''Brona:''' But that doesn't mean I won't criticize automated orchestras!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know what you think about me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051186-->
:::'''Brona:''' My opinion of you depends on your taste in music.
:::'''Brona:''' That's the crux of it. I know you're a drinksmith and a skilled conversationalist, but flowery words won't impress me. Only a great melody will win me over.
:::'''Brona:''' And don't try cheap tricks! The noises coming from automated orchestras don't count as music!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051108: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051108.json-->
::You attempt to engage in conversation with the customer before you, but they seem immersed in the leisurely ambiance of the lounge, oblivious to your presence.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Brona
|zhs  = 布罗娜
|zht  = 布羅娜
|ja   = ブローナ
|ko   = 브로나
|es   = Brona
|fr   = Brona
|ru   = Брона
|th   = Brona
|vi   = Brona
|de   = Brona
|id   = Brona
|pt   = Brona
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}