<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Claudia#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = ''Literary Girl''
|image           = NPC Claudia.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Claudia''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Dreamscape)|npc_631_400004}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051204: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051204.json-->
::'''Claudia:''' Interesting love stories are always so easy to get immersed in, especially... intimate relations between monsters.
::'''Claudia:''' Don't you find it fascinating? Strange creatures with contrasting personalities, sealed inside a Dreamscape together as complex emotions start to ferment in the darkness... Ah, just these little tropes alone get my mind racing!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Chat)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051254-->
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
::----
::'''Claudia:''' Of course, what do you want to talk about?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know what you think about monsters.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051256-->
:::'''Claudia:''' They are all very... interesting creatures, don't you think? The fact that objects in the Dreamscape can walk, communicate and think like us, this is such a novel concept. I enjoy observing their behavior.
:::'''Claudia:''' What's more, I've heard about what happened in this lounge. The forgotten ones plagued by nightmares and the carer that refused to abandon them... A heartwarming story like this would be popular anywhere!
:::'''Claudia:''' This lounge is a great place to get inspiration, please allow me to stay a while longer?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know what you think about me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051260-->
:::'''Claudia:''' ...Quite the unexpected question to propose in a place with such an atmosphere.
:::'''Claudia:''' Unfortunately, if a story begins too smoothly, readers will lose interest in the story. So, I will skip this question for now.
:::'''Claudia:''' Sitting side-by-side here, sharing in these beautiful moments, don't you think that's enough?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051207: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051207.json-->
::You attempt to engage in conversation with the customer before you, but they seem immersed in the leisurely ambiance of the lounge, oblivious to your presence.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Claudia
|zhs  = 克劳迪娅
|zht  = 克勞蒂亞
|ja   = クラウディア
|ko   = 클라우디아
|es   = Claudia
|fr   = Claudia
|ru   = Клаудия
|th   = Claudia
|vi   = Claudia
|de   = Claudia
|id   = Claudia
|pt   = Claudia
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}