<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Hurrylove#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Billboard in Love
|image           = NPC Hurrylove.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Hurrylove''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Dreamscape)|npc_631_400003}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051203: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051203.json-->
::'''Hurrylove:''' I can't help but cry watching their story. I will always let out a cheer for true love.
::'''Hurrylove:''' Look, they are such a perfect match! I can't help but admire and envy them!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Chat)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051234-->
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
::----
::'''Hurrylove:''' My true love, I met her long ago, but... Where is she now?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know what you think about this lounge.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051236-->
:::'''Hurrylove:''' I love this place! It's got a sweet aroma in the air!
:::'''Hurrylove:''' That mysterious drinksmith, she has a similar charm and kindness as my beloved, yet she is heroic and bold, too! It is a shame that my heart has already been taken, and I have no space for another.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know what you think about me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051239-->
:::'''Hurrylove:''' You mean... No, impossible, my love is resolute and will not be swayed!
:::'''Hurrylove:''' She has stolen my heart, no specially mixed drink or secret monster-calming technique will shake my faith in love!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051206: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051206.json-->
::You attempt to engage in conversation with the customer before you, but they seem immersed in the leisurely ambiance of the lounge, oblivious to your presence.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Hurrylove
|zhs  = 爱遇见
|zht  = 愛遇見
|ja   = ストー・キング
|ko   = 금사빠
|es   = Enam Orado
|fr   = Hamza Mour
|ru   = Воздыхатель
|th   = รอเอ๋ยรอรัก
|vi   = Gặp Gỡ Tình Yêu
|de   = Hurrylove
|id   = CintaBersemi
|pt   = VemMozão
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}