<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ran#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Dreamscape Motivator
|image           = NPC Ran.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Ran''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Dreamscape)|npc_632_400004}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051305: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051305.json-->
::'''Ran:''' A magical drink that soothes the soul. It'd be wonderful if it could spread far and wide in the Dreamscape.
::'''Ran:''' However... if all the negative emotions could be easily erased like this, who would need a Dreamscape Motivator like me anymore?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Chat)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051424-->
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
::----
::'''Ran:''' Greetings, do you need counseling? It's quiet here, perfect for an in-depth conversation.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'd like to hear your thoughts on emotions.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051426-->
:::'''Ran:''' Emotions are fascinating. They have no tangible form and can't be clearly observed. They are certain states of being alive, and they can be both real and illusory. They can be consciously created, altered, or even eliminated.
:::'''Ran:''' However, for the Sweet Dreams Troupe, their emotions determine their very nature. Their lives stem from the Dreamscape, and they won't fall ill or age. However, their essence can change dramatically due to shifts in emotions.
:::'''Ran:''' It's incredible, isn't it? That's why I became curious after hearing the story of this lounge.
:::'''Ran:''' ...I wonder, what powers have been protecting the monsters from being completely corrupted by the Nightmare?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know what you think about me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051431-->
:::'''Ran:''' ...You? B&mdash;But I... I'm a Dreamscape Motivator, and you're my client. Such a relationship... would be far too dangerous.
:::'''Ran:''' No, no, no, even though my duty is to help you alleviate your worries, it doesn't mean...
:::'''Ran:''' *gasp* ...I'm sorry. I may have misunderstood you. To be honest, I think you're an exceptional counselor. The emotional issues of the Dreamjolt Troupe members are not easily resolved, but you've handled them impressively.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No, you didn't misunderstand.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051435-->
::::'''Ran:''' Huh!?... I... I'm sorry! I need to take some time away to calm down my emotions!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You can also ask me for counseling.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051437-->
::::'''Ran:''' Haha, I admit that I may have some emotional issues too, but it's not to the extent that I need to bother others. I'll just try one of your drinks.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051308: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051308.json-->
::You attempt to engage in conversation with the customer before you, but they seem immersed in the leisurely ambiance of the lounge, oblivious to your presence.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Ran
|zhs  = 阿然
|zht  = 阿然
|ja   = 然
|ko   = 연이
|es   = Ran
|fr   = Ran
|ru   = Жань
|th   = Ran
|vi   = Ran
|de   = Ran
|id   = Ran
|pt   = Ran
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}