<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Singler#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Investigative Journalist
|image           = NPC Singler.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Singler''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Dreamscape)|npc_629_400003}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051003: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051003.json-->
::----
::'''Singler:''' ...You want to talk with me? Of course, the atmosphere is very relaxed, it's perfect for talking about what's on your mind.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Chat)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051033-->
::----
::----
::'''Singler:''' As you invited me to talk, you should probably start?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know what you think about this lounge.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051035-->
:::'''Singler:''' I like it a lot! I fear there is nowhere else in the Dreamscape that you can find a place with such a... human touch.
:::'''Singler:''' It may just be monsters that live here, but they're a lot kinder and friendly than those visitors. They're a lot warmer than that harmony-touting family, too!
:::'''Singler:''' If you want somewhere that can really help you relax, you won't find better than here.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know what you think about me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051039-->
:::'''Singler:''' ...You? That's a real direct way of speaking to someone you're chatting with. You really don't seem to grasp the concept of taking it slow.
:::'''Singler:''' From what I have learned in this lounge, both the owner and the monsters seem to trust you a lot. This means that you are at least a kind person, you don't just see them as things you can order around as you please.
:::'''Singler:''' Your empathy already makes you far better than the people drowning in this Dreamscape and only seeking to indulge in fun. I think you are quite outstanding &mdash; It's not flattery. I really do this so.
::----
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051006: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051006.json-->
::----
::You attempt to engage in conversation with the customer before you, but they seem immersed in the leisurely ambiance of the lounge, oblivious to your presence.
::----
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Singler
|zhs  = 辛格勒
|zht  = 辛格勒
|ja   = シングラー
|ko   = 싱글러
|es   = Singler
|fr   = Singler
|ru   = Синглер
|th   = Singler
|vi   = Singler
|de   = Singler
|id   = Singler
|pt   = Singler
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}