<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tin Man#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = 
|image           = NPC Tin Man.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Tin Man''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Dreamscape)|npc_630_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051101: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051101.json-->
::'''Tin Man:''' Hey! Nod your head and give a bow, a night with customers makes me feel wow! Welcome to the Dreamjolt Hostelry!
::'''Tin Man:''' Oh, it's you! Thanks for your hard work mixing drinks! As you suggested, I'm standing by the door and keeping an eye out.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why isn't Mr. Bigwig at the door?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051104-->
:::'''Tin Man:''' Hah! They're just the SoulGlad deliveryman, what would they know about being a door attendant? They're not like me... They don't have a loud and clear voice. They aren't tall and mighty, capable of leaving a lasting impression! If I only had a tuxedo on, I'd be perfect!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't remember planning this?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051106-->
:::'''Tin Man:''' My bad! My bad! I didn't report back to you earlier. I was thinking about the fact that the lounge door is always open, it's no good if guests arrive and there is no one there to greet them! So, I took action.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_503051107-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051107-->
::'''Tin Man:''' Rest assured! There will be no issues in this lounge! If there are, they will only be small ones!
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051102: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051102.json-->
::'''Tin Man:''' Hey! Feet together, head down, our customers always wear the crown! Welcome to the Dreamjolt Hostelry!
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = 
|zhs  = 
|zht  = 
|ja   = 
|ko   = 
|es   = 
|fr   = 
|ru   = 
|th   = 
|vi   = 
|de   = 
|id   = 
|pt   = 
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}