<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Uma#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = News Anchor
|image           = NPC Uma.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Uma''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Dreamscape)|npc_631_400005}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051205: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051205.json-->
::'''Uma:''' ...Hm? Now that's interesting, the story of these monsters would make great news articles.
::'''Uma:''' Not only can the Dreamjolt Troupe interact with humans, they even offer performances! It seems that the legendary drinksmith is indeed an impressive woman. I should invite her for a special feature interview on my program.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Chat)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051274-->
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
::----
::'''Uma:''' Let me think... I probably don't have time but, speak quickly, I snuck out here to have a look around.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know your thoughts on Siobhan.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051276-->
:::'''Uma:''' Siobhan? That's the name of the mysterious drinksmith, correct? I've heard a number of things about her.
:::'''Uma:''' Her background is complicated, if you want to know the specifics then you should ask around for yourself. Either way, I know that she holds a lot of renown within The Family... The Iris Family, if I remember rightly...? You cannot tell anyone that you heard this from me.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know what you think about me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051279-->
:::'''Uma:''' Are you the new drinksmith here? I hear that it's you that has been looking after those monsters lately? I hear it's going well, and they trust you a lot, that they are willing to share their thoughts with you. It seems you're quite the adept communicator.
:::'''Uma:''' I will send someone to write a report on what I've seen here and let our viewers know. Keep an eye on the TV!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051208: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051208.json-->
::You attempt to engage in conversation with the customer before you, but they seem immersed in the leisurely ambiance of the lounge, oblivious to your presence.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Uma
|zhs  = 乌玛
|zht  = 烏瑪
|ja   = ウーマ
|ko   = 우마
|es   = Uma
|fr   = Uma
|ru   = Ума
|th   = Uma
|vi   = Uma
|de   = Uma
|id   = Uma
|pt   = Umah
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}