<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Vitali#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Props Master
|image           = NPC Vitali.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Penacony
|location        = The Reverie (Dreamscape)
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Vitali''' is an NPC on [[Penacony]], located in [[The Reverie (Dreamscape)]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Reverie (Dreamscape)|npc_632_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051303: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051303.json-->
::'''Vitali:''' ...Hmmm, have I ever seen this transportation thing before? It feels familiar.
::'''Vitali:''' Ah, forget it! Same-purpose Sweet Dreams Troupe members all look the same! Why bother distinguishing them?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Chat)
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051344-->
::----
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
::----
::'''Vitali:''' Hey, if you'd like to talk, I'm all ears. Maybe you'd be interested in the props I've trained?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know what you think about this lounge.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051346-->
:::'''Vitali:''' You know what? This place is filled with morons! I've heard that some of my fellow Props Masters treat props like companions, but I didn't know they're living here.
:::'''Vitali:''' I heard those monsters are incredibly obedient, so I came to see how it's done. But what do I find? This is not prop-taming at all! Those fools treat these monsters like their bosses and even mix drinks for them! It's downright hilarious!
:::'''Vitali:''' Disobedient items deserve a good whipping! I don't care about their moods! They're supposed to work hard for me!
:::'''Vitali:''' And even if some of them don't feel like working, I have plenty of substitutes!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I want to know what you think about me.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051351-->
:::'''Vitali:''' Oh, dear guest! How dare I have complaints about you? I'm honored that you're interested in my item show.
:::'''Vitali:''' ...So, would you like to enjoy the show now? A little entertainment in this quiet joint would be the perfect way to kill some time!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'll watch the prop-taming show.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051354-->
::::'''Vitali:''' Just a moment. It'll start soon.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} ...Perhaps not.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_503051356-->
::::'''Vitali:''' Don't be so quick to say "no." Let me show you how it's done.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_503051303_153-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_503051303_153-->
:::'''Vitali:''' Ouch! It hurts!! Who the heck did that!?
:::'''Starlet:''' My bad, I missed.
:::'''Vitali:''' You useless piece of junk! If I were your master, this whip would... Ouch!!!
:::'''Starlet:''' My bad, I missed again.
:::'''Starlet:''' As long as you're sitting there, I can't resist aiming for your head.
:::'''Vitali:''' You... I'll tell your master! Just you wait! There will be consequences!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 503051306: Config/Level/Mission/5030510/Act/Act503051306.json-->
::You attempt to engage in conversation with the customer before you, but they seem immersed in the leisurely ambiance of the lounge, oblivious to your presence.
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.EndDialogueEntityInteract"
}</pre>
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Vitali
|zhs  = 维塔利
|zht  = 維塔利
|ja   = ヴィターリ
|ko   = 비탈리
|es   = Vitali
|fr   = Vitali
|ru   = Виталий
|th   = Vitali
|vi   = Vitali
|de   = Vitali
|id   = Vitali
|pt   = Vitali
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}