<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Kiryu#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Outworld Traveling Merchant
|image           = NPC Kiryu.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Aurum Alley
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Kiryu''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Aurum Alley]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aurum Alley|npc_154_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502054101: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502054101.json-->
::'''Kiryu:''' The merchant guild will be coming here soon to discuss business. Take your leave, or I'll make you leave.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm not eavesdropping. Aren't you just being too self-conscious?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054104-->
:::'''Kiryu:''' ...Too self-conscious? Isn't that a term used to describe kids?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You sure talk big, buddy. You wanna fight?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054106-->
:::'''Kiryu:''' ...I've heard the Luofu streets are pretty safe, but now it seems I was mistaken.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Merchant guild? Are you from the Aurum Alley Merchant Guild, too?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054108-->
:::'''Kiryu:''' No, we are from... an Outworlder merchant guild. Not the local one you know.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502054109-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054109-->
::'''Kiryu:''' ...I see. This isn't a topic to be discussed out in the open. I was being too tough.
::'''Kiryu:''' I have no intention of arguing with you. My name is Kiryu, and I'm a foreigner doing business on the Xianzhou, where people say "the walls have ears"... not to mention there aren't even any walls here. I was just being careful.
::'''Kiryu:''' As you may be aware, even innocent people can get into trouble if they hear something they shouldn't... You seem to be a seasoned adventurer. I'm sure you understand what I mean.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Hey, speak up. What trouble am I in?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054113-->
:::'''Kiryu:''' If you're asking that question, then it means you haven't heard anything you shouldn't have.
:::'''Kiryu:''' This is good news. You don't need to know anything more.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You have a discerning eye, don't you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054116-->
:::'''Kiryu:''' Well, I'm an employment agent, after all. I can usually get a sense of what my clients are like from just a few words.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502054117-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054117-->
::'''Kiryu:''' If my observation are correct, then you're sharp enough to soon figure out what I'm doing and why I do it. However, you are also sharp enough that I can trust you to know what you can get involved in, and what you shouldn't.
::'''Kiryu:''' ...So, we're done exchanging pleasantries. There'll be plenty of opportunities for us to do business in the future. Is there anything else you want to discuss?
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502054301: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502054301.json-->
::'''Kiryu:''' When you've been in the business as long as me, you'll eventually run across daredevils who do not fear death.
::'''Kiryu:''' Oh, don't get me wrong. I wasn't talking about you. Is there anything else you would like to know?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How about a casual chat?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502054201: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502054201.json-->
::'''Kiryu:''' You may have realized that I'm not the best at small talk, but I appreciate conversations as long as you don't mind my style of speech.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502054201_228-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502054201_228-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What exactly do you do?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054204-->
:::'''Kiryu:''' I'm an employment agent. I introduce jobs to people.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are your jobs respectable?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054206-->
::::'''Kiryu:''' That depends on how you define "respectable."
::::'''Kiryu:''' I consider the jobs I offer to be respectable because they have clear goals and fair pay.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502054211-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054211-->
::::'''Kiryu:''' I only share the details of my jobs with serious job seekers. You should already have enough to go on if you're just shopping around for opportunities.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are you saying an employment agent is involved in things I shouldn't know?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054209-->
::::'''Kiryu:''' You underestimate "business practices." Apart from the jobs I arrange, there are many things that shouldn't be heard outside of the ears of the intended parties.
::::'''Kiryu:''' Trust me, being an "employment agent" may be easy at times, but it can get complicated.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502054211-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054211-->
::::'''Kiryu:''' I only share the details of my jobs with serious job seekers. You should already have enough to go on if you're just shopping around for opportunities.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What brings you to Aurum Alley?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054213-->
:::'''Kiryu:''' It's just a job from the higher-ups. They told me to come, so here I am.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} And what if they tell you to join the Antimatter Legion?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054215-->
::::'''Kiryu:''' Then I'll join it.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502054218-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054218-->
::::'''Kiryu:''' As I said, I believe you're sharp enough to figure out in due time what I've been doing.
::::'''Kiryu:''' It has nothing to do with morals or beliefs. I'm just doing my job for the higher-ups.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What else did the high-ups tell you to do?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054217-->
::::'''Kiryu:''' You are too curious for your own good. I don't have anything to say to that question.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502054218-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054218-->
::::'''Kiryu:''' As I said, I believe you're sharp enough to figure out in due time what I've been doing.
::::'''Kiryu:''' It has nothing to do with morals or beliefs. I'm just doing my job for the higher-ups.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you know the person next to you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054221-->
:::'''Kiryu:''' Majima? Yes, I do. We share a common benefactor who has told us to get along well, so I gave it a try.
:::'''Kiryu:''' We're getting along pretty well for now. She has a troubled past where she had to suppress and restrain herself, only to be betrayed in the end. That experience has changed her.
:::'''Kiryu:''' Whatever she does, I do not blame her. She may appear to have lost her mind, but she sees the world more clearly than most people &mdash; at least, that is what I think.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll catch you again next time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502054225-->
:::'''Kiryu:''' Catch you next time.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502054201-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll catch you again next time.
::'''Kiryu:''' Catch you next time.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Kiryu
|zhs  = 雾生
|zht  = 霧生
|ja   = 霧生
|ko   = 키류
|es   = Kiryu
|fr   = Kiryu
|ru   = Кирю
|th   = Kiryu
|vi   = Kiryu
|de   = Kiryu
|id   = Kiryu
|pt   = Kiryu
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}