<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Lianyan#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Owner of the Oldies Depot
|image           = NPC Lianyan.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Aurum Alley
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Lianyan''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Aurum Alley]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aurum Alley|npc_144_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502015101: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G43/Act/Act_502015101.json-->
::'''Lianyan:''' Toys, doorbells, flexible displays!~ Shelves, refrigerators, extractor fans!~ Starskiffs, jade abaci, massage chairs!~ Second hand, or broken, I buy them all!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What song are you singing?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502015103-->
:::'''Lianyan:''' ...Singing? Oh... I'm not singing. I'm hawking for business!
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} (Clapping in rhythm)
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502015105-->
:::'''Lianyan:''' Toys, doorbells... Wait, don't just clap along. I'm hawking for business. If you clap like that, people will think it's a street show.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502015106-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502015106-->
::'''Lianyan:''' Oh yeah, by the way &mdash; I'm Lianyan, manager at the Oldies Depot. And when I say manager, I mean I'm the only person there. It's just me and my small business.
::'''Lianyan:''' The Oldies Depot mainly buys and sells second-hand appliances, fixes up old stuff, and buys antiques. But Xianzhou people live so long that they have no interest in anything old, let alone bothering to fix anything...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So you buy trashed items?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502015109-->
:::'''Lianyan:''' ...It's just a title. Call it whatever you want.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do the Xianzhou people only like new things?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502015111-->
:::'''Lianyan:''' Not quite... But most of the regulars here are Outworlders. Sometimes we'll get a Xianzhou shopper selling some junk to make a little pocket money, but never anyone buying second-hand goods or repairing things.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: 502015101_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: 502015101_END-->
::'''Lianyan:''' You don't seem to have anything old there that needs fixing. Don't tell me you've come for a chat?
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502059101: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502059101.json-->
::'''Lianyan:''' I've stopped heading out to collect used goods. If you have any old gadgets that needs fixing, you'll need to bring them to my Oldies Depot shop.
::'''Lianyan:''' I don't see any old gadgets with you. You must have come here to buy some second-hand goods, or maybe you're just here to chat?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Shop}} I want to buy some second-hand stuff.
;(If {{Mission|Wood Sprouts Anew, Fate Tilts Askew|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{cx}}<!--performance 502015201 has been seen-->, and {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} The Ambrosial Arbor is growing again...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502015201: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/F10202001_G52/Act502015201.json-->
::'''Lianyan:''' I saw, and even tried going to nearby Scalegorge Waterscape to rubberneck, but the Cloud Knights sent me back, haha.
::'''Lianyan:''' The Arbor's growth isn't actually a good thing... But let's talk somewhere more private... I love how beautiful the Ambrosial Arbor looks.
::'''Lianyan:''' But only how it looks! I've studied my history and this is not a good thing.
::'''Lianyan:''' But I can't help it. I guess I was just born with a love for majestic landscapes like this.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502015201-->
;(If {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has been completed and {{Mission|Wood Sprouts Anew, Fate Tilts Askew|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{cx}}<!--performance 502015201 has been seen-->, and {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} The Ambrosial Arbor has stopped growing...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502015104: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502015104.json-->
::'''Lianyan:''' Yeah, that's hardly news to me. As soon as I heard about it, I went there and checked it out myself, and I saw from Exalting Sanctum with my own eyes that it had stopped growing.
::'''Lianyan:''' Well... I'll tell you a secret, but don't tell anyone, okay? Otherwise I might end up in hot water with the Realm-Keeping Commission... Some curio sellers were using the Ambrosial Arbor's sprouting as a gimmick to attract customers.
::'''Lianyan:''' Just so you know, they were claiming that their curios were influenced by the anomaly or even came from the Ambrosial Arbor itself. But don't fall for their tricks, okay?
::'''Lianyan:''' Now that the Ambrosial Arbor has stopped growing, I've seen an opportunity and acquired those curios at incredibly low prices. To my surprise, some of them are actually pretty interesting and not just cheap gimmicks like I thought they would be. A pleasant surprise, don't you agree?
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502015104-->
;(If {{Mission|Back in Business (IV)|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has been completed, and {{Mission|Wood Sprouts Anew, Fate Tilts Askew|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{cx}}<!--performance 502015201 has been seen-->, and {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Has business been going well lately?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502015105: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502015105.json-->
::'''Lianyan:''' It's been amazing! Aurum Alley never used to have any travelers, and I only ever did business with Xianzhou locals... But, well, you know how the Xianzhou folks are like... They don't really need my services.
::'''Lianyan:''' But everything has changed, now! The Aurum Alley is full of outworlders and they love the ancient "artifacts" of Xianzhou.
::'''Lianyan:''' These outworlders value artifacts differently to us, so my friends keep telling me to up the prices but... well, it's just old stuff, isn't it?
::'''Lianyan:''' I've never dreamed of becoming rich in this life. I have just one simple wish: "to make the best use of everything." That is all.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502015105-->
;(If {{Mission|Back in Business (IV)|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has been completed, and {{Mission|Wood Sprouts Anew, Fate Tilts Askew|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{cx}}<!--performance 502015201 has been seen-->, and {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} That's right. I just want to chat...
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502059201: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502059201.json-->
::'''Lianyan:''' Really? How curious... What do you want to chat about?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502059201_601-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502059201_601-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Is this Oldies Depot?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502059204-->
:::'''Lianyan:''' Yes. This is Oldies Depot, the store I inherited from my master. He entrusted this business to me when he was about to undergo hatching rebirth a few years ago, and now I'm the owner of this store.
:::'''Lianyan:''' He always said, "Nothing is truly worthless in the world." In other words, what one sees as junk might be treasures in the eyes of another.
:::'''Lianyan:''' This little store is a place reserved for old things and weary hearts. After all, there are some things that can never be truly replaced, and they need a place to mend.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why don't the Xianzhou residents repair old things?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502059208-->
:::'''Lianyan:''' There are hardly any heirlooms aboard Xianzhou... Or, to put it another way, our heirlooms aren't gonna be everyday items. Ordinary goods would never survive the long-lived Xianzhou people.
:::'''Lianyan:''' Forget about all the hot new tech that comes out every week. Even mundane stuff like pots and pans rarely last forever. You can fix them, but they'll soon break again.
:::'''Lianyan:''' And their disrepair often requires advanced skill and a high price to get them fixed... Simply put, repairs are not cheap, and buying something new works out cheaper and more convenient.
:::'''Lianyan:''' That's why it raises eyebrows whenever Outworlders see an antique from centuries ago get discarded without a thought, and being taken in by us as "trash."
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What's your relationship with the president?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502059213-->
:::'''Lianyan:''' You mean the president of the Aurum Alley Merchant Guild, I assume? Well... he's an "old gadget" to me, if I can describe it that way.
:::'''Lianyan:''' He used to be a friend of my master's, and that's how I got to know him.
:::'''Lianyan:''' He was already here before I was born. So, in a way, he's long been an integral part of Aurum Alley.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. I can see you're busy.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502059217-->
:::'''Lianyan:''' Alright, catch you next time then. If you ever need any old gadgets fixed, or if you want to buy and sell second-hand stuff, come find me.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502059201-->
;(If {{Mission|Back in Business (IV)|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has been completed, and {{Mission|Wood Sprouts Anew, Fate Tilts Askew|showChapter=0}} has been completed, {{cx}}<!--performance 502015201 has been seen-->, and {{Mission|Obsequies Performed, A Long Road Ahead|showChapter=0}} has not been completed)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. I can see you're busy.
::'''Lianyan:''' Alright, catch you next time then. If you ever need any old gadgets fixed, or if you want to buy and sell second-hand stuff, come find me.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Lianyan
|zhs  = 连烟
|zht  = 連煙
|ja   = 連煙
|ko   = 연연
|es   = Lianyan
|fr   = Lianyan
|ru   = Ляньянь
|th   = Lianyan
|vi   = Lianyan
|de   = Lianyan
|id   = Lianyan
|pt   = Lianyan
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}