<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Majima#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Outworld Traveling Merchant
|image           = NPC Majima.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Aurum Alley
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Majima''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Aurum Alley]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aurum Alley|npc_153_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502053101: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502053101.json-->
::'''Majima:''' Hold up. You're not staring at me, are you? Hey, we're a respectable merchant guild over here. Don't ya think of running away. Gimme one good reason for what you've done, or you'll be in big trouble.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Cos you look pretty.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053104-->
:::'''Majima:''' A honey-tongued {{MC|f=lass|m=lad}}, aren't you? This is the first time we've met and you're already saying I look good. What a HYPOCRITE. No offense though. I'm a hypocrite, too.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} So? Imma look at whatever I want.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053106-->
:::'''Majima:''' Tough {{MC|f=lass|m=lad}}, I see. We aren't on my turf, otherwise you'll be getting a good taste of my fists. But we're on the Xianzhou Luofu, so let's just follow their principle of "harmony" or whatever.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Care to tell me what trouble I'll in?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053108-->
:::'''Majima:''' Oh! A bodacious {{MC|f=lass|m=lad}} who has a death wish and never listens. Haha, how interesting! We're more alike than you think.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I wasn't looking at you. I was just passing by.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053110-->
:::'''Majima:''' Oh, don't try to muddle through, {{MC|f=lass~|m=lad~}}.
:::'''Majima:''' People's sweat smells different when they're lying. *Sniff* Guess what my keen nose just picked up? This smell... is the smell of...
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} A liar!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053113-->
::::'''Majima:''' Uh-huh. You know what I'm talking about, don't you?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Of what?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053115-->
::::'''Majima:''' ...You know what I mean. It's the smell of a liar.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're a pervert!
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053117-->
::::'''Majima:''' Heh, I couldn't care less about what you think of me.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502053118-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053118-->
::'''Majima:''' I won't give you a hard time today, but be careful. I have my moods, and you might just end up on my bad side the next time I see you.
::'''Majima:''' And don't walk off. I still call myself an employment agent, so if you have any special skills, you're welcome to come and try your luck here.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502053301: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502053301.json-->
::'''Majima:''' Hehe, here you are again. What do you need this time?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I just want to have a casual chat.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502053201: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502053201.json-->
::'''Majima:''' The Xianzhou fossils live leisurely lives, but I don't usually see Outworlders having as much free time on their hands as you. Interesting. What do you wanna talk about?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502053201_141-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502053201_141-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What exactly do you do?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053204-->
:::'''Majima:''' I said, I'm an employment agent... I think that's the right term? I basically put people in jobs.
:::'''Majima:''' If you're having a case of empty pockets, then you can come and hang with me.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Are your jobs respectable?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053207-->
::::'''Majima:''' Respectable jobs? Nah, boring! Come on, don't tell me you actually think I'm a respectable agent?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502053210-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053210-->
::::'''Majima:''' Everyone knows my jobs pay plenty of dough &mdash; as long as you've got the skills to do them.
::::'''Majima:''' And if you're not looking for a job, then you'd be rude to keep asking me questions.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're an Outworlder putting people in Xianzhou jobs?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053209-->
::::'''Majima:''' Who cares about where I work my trade? Shouldn't you care more about what jobs I have available?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502053210-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053210-->
::::'''Majima:''' Everyone knows my jobs pay plenty of dough &mdash; as long as you've got the skills to do them.
::::'''Majima:''' And if you're not looking for a job, then you'd be rude to keep asking me questions.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053214-->
::::'''Majima:''' Looks like I was right about you. You've got some serious talent. Too bad I don't have any jobs for you right now.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::;(All choices lead to the following options)
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I'm actually looking for a job.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Fine, never mind then.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053214-->
:::'''Majima:''' Looks like I was right about you. You've got some serious talent. Too bad I don't have any jobs for you right now.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What brings you to Aurum Alley?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053216-->
:::'''Majima:''' I'm here to help those good locals in Aurum Alley find better jobs, so they don't have to be stuck watching those dusty stores all day.
:::'''Majima:''' It's always great to embrace a new life, don't you think?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're not one of those thugs working for the IPC, are you?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you trying to get rid of them?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053220-->
:::'''Majima:''' Hey, hey, don't go digging where you're not supposed to. You know what I mean?
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you know the person next to you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053222-->
:::'''Majima:''' You mean my man Kiryu? Hahahaha, he's my best friend! We're so tight that I want to give him a little squeeze... around the neck.
:::'''Majima:''' Too bad that we've got work to do. My higher-ups won't have anything nice to say if I got rid of Kiryu.
:::'''Majima:''' Plus, I can't just go and fight him. This is the Xianzhou Luofu after all. The Realm-Keeping Commission or the Cloud Knights will be all over me. But don't worry, there'll be plenty of opportunities for me in the future. Hahahaha!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does Kiryu know about your plans against him?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053226-->
::::'''Majima:''' Of course he does! He wouldn't be my best friend and worst enemy otherwise!
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502053230-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053230-->
::::'''Majima:''' Don't worry, Kiryu is very strong. Any other person would have died ages ago.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You're such a weirdo.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053228-->
::::'''Majima:''' A weirdo? If you judge me by the standards of ordinary people, then maybe.
::::'''Majima:''' But honestly, I've never cared about that.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502053230-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053230-->
::::'''Majima:''' Don't worry, Kiryu is very strong. Any other person would have died ages ago.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll catch you again next time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502053232-->
:::'''Majima:''' I'll be staying in Aurum Alley for a while. Feel free to come back for a chat.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502053201-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll catch you again next time.
::'''Majima:''' I'll be staying in Aurum Alley for a while. Feel free to come back for a chat.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Majima
|zhs  = 真志摩
|zht  = 真志摩
|ja   = 真志摩
|ko   = 마지마
|es   = Majima
|fr   = Majima
|ru   = Мадзима
|th   = Majima
|vi   = Majima
|de   = Majima
|id   = Majima
|pt   = Majima
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}