<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Tall Auntie#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Food Stall Owner
|image           = NPC Tall Auntie.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Aurum Alley
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Tall Auntie''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Aurum Alley]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aurum Alley|npc_142_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 800324602-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 800324650: Config/Level/Mission/8003246/Act/Act800324650.json-->
::'''Tall Auntie:''' I heard that Mr. Xiyan and Back'n & Forth are famous storytellers on this ship. Their recordings will definitely attract new customers to my stall! Please, help me get their recordings!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission not Started: 800324602-->)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502064101: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502064101.json-->
::'''Tall Auntie:''' Welcome! I only sell authentic Luofu snacks! Freshly baked!
::'''Tall Auntie:''' Want to try some local Luofu snacks, customer? You'll love them!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:;(If {{cx}}<!--SubMission Started: 800324601-->)
:{{DIcon|undefined}} What happened?
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 800324601: Config/Level/Mission/8003246/Act/Act800324601.json-->
:::'''Tall Auntie:''' Oh, you're finally here, customer!
:::'''Tall Auntie:''' I met a warmhearted Cloud Knight lady not long ago. She's your friend, right?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Yeah, and she's super nice.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Oh, you must mean Sushang.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_813246005-->
:::'''Tall Auntie:''' Yeah, she and Miss Secretary of the merchant guild came by a while ago.
:::'''Tall Auntie:''' Hmm... Can I ask you for a favor? I'm thinking of playing some storytelling shows in my store, but I don't know any of the performers. Would you please go to their live show and record a few pieces for me?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Do you want to become a storyteller yourself?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_813246008-->
::::'''Tall Auntie:''' No, not at all. I just want to attract more tourists with those recordings.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} I don't know them well, either.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_813246010-->
::::'''Tall Auntie:''' Really? But that Cloud Knight lady recommended you to me...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_813246011-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_813246011-->
:::'''Tall Auntie:''' You know, I'm just worried about my regulars. What if I join the guild's logistics network and start providing takeout food? What will happen to them...?
:::'''Tall Auntie:''' Will anyone come to my stall in the long run?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You could shut down the dine-in stall and save the trouble.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_813246014-->
::::'''Tall Auntie:''' But this stall has been my bread and butter for years. Freshly baked snacks are my specialty, and if I shut down my stall and do takeout, all those years of hard work will go down the drain, right?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} No worries. I'm sure your regulars will still come to your stall.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_813246016-->
::::'''Tall Auntie:''' But cycrane delivery is just so convenient these days. With all those young folks ordering takeout at home, who knows what will happen in the future?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Never mind the details! At the end of the day, it's all about making money, right?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_813246018-->
::::'''Tall Auntie:''' That's not the case. To me, my relationship with my regulars is way more important than just making money. Plus, I started this stall to hone my skills, not just to earn a buck. If I really wanted to make a kill, I could have worked as a snack master at a fancy restaurant.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_813246019-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_813246019-->
:::'''Tall Auntie:''' Sushang mentioned Back'n & Forth to me. They're up-and-comers in the storytelling industry, and I think they'd be a great fit for my stall.
:::'''Tall Auntie:''' And let's not forget Mr. Xiyan, a well-known storyteller. My regulars would love his recordings! Please, I really could use your help!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_800324601-->
::{{DIcon|Shop}} What have you got for sale?
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.VerifyInteractingEntity",
	"GroupID": 142,
	"ConfigID": 400001
}</pre>
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.ShowShop",
	"ShopType": 26,
	"TaskID": []
}</pre>
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:;(If {{Mission|Back in Business (IV)|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} Has business been going well lately?
:::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502064201: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502064201.json-->
:::'''Tall Auntie:''' My business is booming! More and more tourists are flocking the Aurum Alley, and our authentic Luofu snacks are selling like hotcakes!
:::'''Tall Auntie:''' The storytelling and crosstalk comedy sessions you arranged for me are well-received too. Some people sit down and order something to eat just because they are drawn to the performances. That makes our business even better.
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502064201-->
:;(If {{Mission|Back in Business (IV)|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I don't have an appetite now.
:::'''Tall Auntie:''' Thank you for stopping by!
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Tall Auntie
|zhs  = 高阿姨
|zht  = 高阿姨
|ja   = コウおばちゃん
|ko   = 키 큰 이모
|es   = Mujer alta
|fr   = Grande Tatie
|ru   = Тётя Каланча
|th   = คุณน้าตัวสูง
|vi   = Dì Cao
|de   = Großes Tantchen
|id   = Bibi Tinggi
|pt   = Tia Alta
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}