<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The President#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Aurum Alley Merchant Guild President
|image           = NPC The President.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = Aurum Alley
|relatives       = 
}}
'''The President''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[Aurum Alley]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|Aurum Alley|npc_275_400002}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502062101: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502062101.json-->
::'''Aurumaton President:''' So much has changed, yet this alley remains the same... Hehe, please don't mind this old man's sentimental remarks. How can I help you?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502062401: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502062401.json-->
::'''Aurumaton President:''' The business consultant is here. Let's get to work.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon|Travel Log}} Take care of the affairs in Aurum Alley
;(If {{Mission|Back in Business (IV)|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} How's everything lately?
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502062301: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502062301.json-->
::'''Aurumaton President:''' I'm doing great because of you and Sushang. Without you two, who knew what would happen to our Aurum Alley?
::'''Aurumaton President:''' Do come here often to have fun! Things in the Aurum Alley change so fast that I can barely keep up.
::'''Aurumaton President:''' Perhaps in a little while, it will transform into a place so wonderful that it will blow you away.
::'''Aurumaton President:''' When the time comes, I might no longer be needed here. That's not a bad thing though.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502062301-->
;(If {{Mission|Back in Business (IV)|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Talk}} I'm just here for a casual chat.
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502062201: Config/Level/NPCDialogue/P10202/NPCAct/Act502062201.json-->
::'''Aurumaton President:''' A casual chat, of course. Now that I've lost all my limbs, all I can do is chat... So, what would you want to talk about?
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502062201_802-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502062201_802-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Do you need me to restore your body below your neck?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502062208-->
:::'''Aurumaton President:''' Hahaha, thank you, kindhearted traveler, but don't worry about that.
:::'''Aurumaton President:''' I wonder how much you know about the history of the Cosmos. Once upon a time, there was a catastrophe, a war started by Rubert, the emperor of inorganic beings.
:::'''Aurumaton President:''' The war lasted for eons and consumed countless lives... Even after the downfall of the Machine Empire, the fear it aroused never ceased, as people saw intelligent machines as a potential threat.
:::'''Aurumaton President:''' My jade abacus module retains almost no data from that era except for a few traces of modifications, presumably to eradicate the very existence of the Anti-Organic Equation in the universe.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Does this have anything to do with the fact that all that's left of you is a head?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502062213-->
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' Fine, I didn't want to be so blunt at first...
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' With only a head left, I won't pose a threat to anyone. You're happy about it, and so am I.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502062218-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502062218-->
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' If I had my body and my limbs, I'd be immediately facing troubles beyond your wildest imagination.
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' Now I just want to live a peaceful life in this Aurum Alley, and losing my limbs is an acceptable price to pay. Hahaha.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} But there are still a lot of inorganic beings around...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502062216-->
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' Well, I've heard of Screwllum, the "Genius Aristocrat" of the Genius Society.
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' People gaze upon him in awe and reverence, but how many of them are actually worried that he might become the next "Emperor"?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502062218-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502062218-->
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' If I had my body and my limbs, I'd be immediately facing troubles beyond your wildest imagination.
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' Now I just want to live a peaceful life in this Aurum Alley, and losing my limbs is an acceptable price to pay. Hahaha.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} How prosperous was this alley before?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502062221-->
:::'''Aurumaton President:''' As you know, I can only describe what I can experience as far as my eyes can see.
:::'''Aurumaton President:''' Let me see... Back then, this alley was alive with aurumatons shopping and picking up goods for their masters. The alley was so crowded that you could barely get in.
:::'''Aurumaton President:''' All the tourists who went there would be so exhausted that they had to buy some drinks and snacks... while taking a break and exchanging their stories.
:::'''Aurumaton President:''' At that time, my predecessor told me, "Remember the view you are seeing now. The Aurum Alley Merchant Guild is dedicated to continuing such prosperity for generations to come." Well...
:::'''Aurumaton President:''' But alas, things do change. It's not easy to continue those good, old days.
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Am I allowed to ask you any questions?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502062227-->
:::'''Aurumaton President:''' Would you like to hear my "official" answer, or "another version"?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The official answer.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502062229-->
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' Yes, you are free to ask me any questions you want as long as they are in line with social norms, ethical standards, and legal regulations.
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' While I'm NOT designed for chatting, I'll do my best to answer your questions or provide you with helpful information and advice.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502062233-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502062233-->
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' You can trust me as much as you can trust books, newspapers, the Internet, and various common fields of information.
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' But having a database doesn't mean you don't have to think. I'm sure you don't need me to tell you that.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} "Another version."
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502062232-->
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' I can provide you with many "official answers," but they may not be the answers you seek.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502062233-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502062233-->
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' You can trust me as much as you can trust books, newspapers, the Internet, and various common fields of information.
::::'''Aurumaton President:''' But having a database doesn't mean you don't have to think. I'm sure you don't need me to tell you that.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll leave you alone, then.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502062236-->
:::'''Aurumaton President:''' See you.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Talk_502062201-->
;(If {{Mission|Back in Business (IV)|showChapter=0}} has been completed)
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I'll leave you alone, then.
::'''Aurumaton President:''' See you.
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = The President
|zhs  = 「会长」
|zht  = 「會長」
|ja   = 「会長」
|ko   = 「회장」
|es   = Presidente
|fr   = Le Président
|ru   = Председатель
|th   = ประธาน
|vi   = Hội Trưởng
|de   = Der Präsident
|id   = Pemimpin
|pt   = Presidente
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}