<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Caenis#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = The Converted Cleaner
|image           = NPC Caenis.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Warbling Shores" Styxia
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Caenis''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Warbling Shores" Styxia]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Warbling Shores" Styxia|npc_204_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504125001: Config/Level/Mission/5041250/Act/Act504125001.json-->
::'''Caenis:''' Delicacies, ambrosia, laughter, song... This feast is like a dream, truly all-consuming...
::'''Caenis:''' Oh, what is this&mdash; The guest from beyond the sky. Deliverer of our salvation, what do you seek from one such as me?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Why are you called Caenis too?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504125004-->
::'''Caenis:''' Ah... I've heard tales of the Deliverer's eccentricity, how they care little of trifling things &mdash; now I see it firsthand. What, does a man bearing this name unsettle you?
::'''Caenis:''' Caenis is but a title, a sort of symbol. The person behind the name doesn't truly matter.
::'''Caenis:''' Your bewilderment shows on your face. You must be confused about why I am here? Simple: In the histories unwitnessed by you, I sided with the Imperator.
::'''Caenis:''' Do you doubt me? Observe the marks I've carved for the Flame-Chase. My blade has severed the sins of those who came before me.
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504125002: Config/Level/Mission/5041250/Act/Act504125002.json-->
::In the illusion sculpted by the authority of Ocean, a bubble of a drunken demigod emerged...
::'''Caenis:''' Ah, the Deliverer from beyond the sky... What might I do for you?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} Let's talk about... Caenis?
::'''Caenis:''' Understood, but considering your station, we best keep our mouths closed.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You inherited Caenis's memories?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504125204-->
:::'''Caenis:''' Since inheriting this title from my deceased mentor, all reasonably assume I follow her legacy. But I chose a new path, and led the Cleaners down this route as well...
:::'''Caenis:''' I pledged loyalty to the Great Imperator, becoming her shadowed blade to purge obstacles. Cleansing any who defy her quest, mortals and Chrysos Heirs alike.
:::'''Caenis:''' Yet, this "misconception" serves me well, as some stubborn individuals won't heed me like some among the current generation, who adhere to command because of ancestral "rules."
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's talk about your Cleaners.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504125208-->
:::'''Caenis:''' You may deem the Cleaners despicable villains, but we were birthed as righteous souls curbing Chrysos Heirs' tyranny during wartime.
:::'''Caenis:''' In that era, many Chrysos Heirs wielded power for malice... Not all of them were heroes. We wielded the Titans' divine objects and alchemy of old to achieve power capable of slaying the Chrysos Heirs, thus protecting the defenseless.
:::'''Caenis:''' But later generations... forgot our higher purpose, becoming assassins obsessed with eradicating Chrysos Heirs.
:::'''Caenis:''' After the Great Imperator ended the war, the last Cleaner &mdash; my stubborn mentor &mdash; clung to hatred, opposing the Great Imperator... It was truly pathetic.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} About you and the previous Caenis...
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504125213-->
:::'''Caenis:''' ...If you read the records I gave you, you would know that I personally slew her for the Imperator.
:::'''Caenis:''' But I don't actually hate her... On the contrary, she adopted me, who was once homeless because of the Chrysos War. To me, she might as well be my mother.
:::'''Caenis:''' But I became a Cleaner because I didn't want the Chrysos Heirs stirring trouble again. Yet, when the Great Imperator succeeded in her noble accomplishments, she stood by the belief that the Chrysos Heirs were her enemies. And thus, trouble brewed once again...
:::'''Caenis:''' As the Great Imperator said, if the old laws were so perfect, why did they crumble beneath her feet? Those ancient doctrines are as easy to cut apart as a target's throat.
:::'''Caenis:''' Unfortunately, she was blinded by vengeance and could not understand this rationale... Only I can bestow death upon her to awaken her and protect the future of the Cleaners.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Talk about this feast.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504125219-->
:::'''Caenis:''' In the feast granted by the Great Imperator, regardless of your identity and secrets, as long as you wished to indulge yourself in ambrosia, delicacies and laughter, you could temporarily put all your troubles and frustrations aside.
:::'''Caenis:''' To the Chrysos Heirs here, I am their past enemy. However, the Great Imperator took me under her wing. Yet, that didn't stop everyone from fearing the Cleaners.
:::'''Caenis:''' But it matters not, for I chose this path myself. While I cannot compare to those Chrysos Heirs with extraordinary talents, an assassin who lurks in the shadows can also prove their worth.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I still have things to do. See you around.
::'''Caenis:''' Goodbye, Deliverer.
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Caenis
|zhs  = 凯妮斯
|zht  = 凱妮斯
|ja   = カイニス
|ko   = 카이니스
|es   = Caenis
|fr   = Cénée
|ru   = Кенида
|th   = Caenis
|vi   = Caenis
|de   = Caenis
|id   = Caenis
|pt   = Caenis
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}