<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Labienus#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Dux Fragoris
|image           = NPC Labienus.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Warbling Shores" Styxia
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Labienus''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Warbling Shores" Styxia]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Warbling Shores" Styxia|npc_200_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504122001: Config/Level/Mission/5041220/Act/Act504122001.json-->
::'''Prudentia:''' Mr. Labienus, wh&mdash;what do you think?
::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' ...
::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' "She swept through history like a storm, reshaping the fate and fabric of Amphoreus with flame and cunning..."
::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' Brilliant! Prudentia, your writing is superb. Just this opening line alone is enough to leave all of the Imperator's admirers in awe! You must be the most eloquent among all the History Investigators...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What did you write?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Lemme see.
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504122007-->
::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' Oh! Honored guest, you've come at just the right moment! Miss Prudentia interviewed the Imperator's generals, soldiers, and even risked her life to speak with the Imperator's enemies, all to craft such a magnificent epic!
::'''Prudentia:''' You flatter me, Mr. Labienus... it's not even finished yet. There are still many parts in the text that seem embellished by the narrator. I'll need to verify and cross-check them thoroughly...
::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' You History Investigators really are too rigid. This is artistic refinement! There isn't a single historical chronicle in the world that hasn't been artistically enhanced...
::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' (Trailblazer), our honored guest, come, you should have a look at this manuscript of ''The Chronicles of the Imperator's Campaign'' too.
::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' I've made a decision. I'm going to copy out a dozen of these and hand them to everyone I meet. The Imperator's glorious deeds deserve to be praised by all...
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504122002: Config/Level/Mission/5041220/Act/Act504122002.json-->
::In the illusion sculpted by the authority of Ocean, a bubble of a drunken demigod emerged...
::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' Honored guest, was this feast to your liking? The Great Imperator's feasts are the greatest feasts in all feasts, that even Phagousa would have to admit defeat!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504122002_28-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504122002_28-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Dux Fragoris, let's have a chat.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504122104-->
:::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' Sure, honored guest. What would you like to talk about?
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's talk about your past.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504122106-->
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' My past... Come to think of it, it's all thanks to the Great Imperator.
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' I was once the crown prince of Bulsa, and my city-state was loyal to Aquila. During the Titan War, as Aquila and Nikador came to blows, we found ourselves with little choice but to face Castrum Kremnos.
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' When the city fell, I was the only one left of the Bulsa forces... And as I found myself spent beyond measure, the Great Imperator led her army and came to my relief.
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' The Great Imperator mended my wounds and instructed me to lead the army. Through tactics and strategies, the Imperator laid low the formidable forces of Kremnos many times.
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' And she even bestowed upon me the name of Dux Fragoris, allowing me to defeat the savage god myself and take the Coreflame...
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' Should my feeble life were to be bound for the nether realm, I would still roar the Great Imperator's praises!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's talk about your future.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504122113-->
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' My future... Will be dedicated to the Great Imperator's grand cause.
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' You can presume that under the Imperator's leadership, the Flame-Chase's victory was inevitable. What we turned our eyes to in the future was the vast sea of stars that sprawled above the Great Imperator's campaign map...
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' Today, the Titans are enemies that the Flame-Chase Army can only beat through great struggle. And there is no certainty about how many powerful enemies await along that long journey to the future...
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' Something as strong as the Titans might only be the dust scattered across the stars.
::::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The Imperator's grand plans are too impractical...
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504122118-->
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' No. The Imperator's verdict is never wrong. Should the Imperator's grand dream fail to come true, it must be because we, as retainers, failed to bear these great desires well enough.
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' The righteousness of great ambitions should determined by Dux Helkolithist. The reverberations ambitions gain will be determined by the pen strokes of Dux Carminum. To spread the greatness of ambition, all obstacles shall be swept aside by Dux Brumalis...
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' As for me, my only desire is to be the Imperator's vanguard, to shed golden blood in her glory and battles.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Done chatting for now.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504122122-->
::::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' Next time, dear guest.
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Exit}} See you.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504122124-->
:::'''"Dux Fragoris" Labienus:''' Next time, dear guest.
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Labienus
|zhs  = 拉比努斯
|zht  = 拉比努斯
|ja   = ラビエヌス
|ko   = 라비에누스
|es   = Labieno
|fr   = Labienus
|ru   = Лабинус
|th   = Labienus
|vi   = Labienus
|de   = Labienus
|id   = Labienus
|pt   = Labienus
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}