<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Nereides#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = "Ocean" Priest
|image           = NPC Nereides.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Warbling Shores" Styxia
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Nereides''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Warbling Shores" Styxia]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Warbling Shores" Styxia|npc_205_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504124001: Config/Level/Mission/5041240/Act/Act504124001.json-->
::'''Nereides:''' Heh... Hah haha.... Hahaha... Whoa, what a huge sea slug...
::'''Nereides:''' Oh... What brings you to the shore? Do you want some ambrosia?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} How much did you have to drink?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What, a few sips and you're already this far gone?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504124005-->
::'''Nereides:''' Yep... One mug, two mugs... one keg, two kegs... Keep going... You too...
::'''Nereides:''' Ahem... Let me be clear... I, old though I am, am no drunkard. This is... a state of ecstatic communion. The more I drink... the clearer... the divine prophecy becomes...
::'''Nereides:''' Can you... hear Lady Hysilens's song? Praise... praise our Lady. You who restored the seas to clarity, you who blessed the ambrosia with sweetness...
::'''Nereides:''' Come, partake of her grace... surrender to revelry...
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504124002: Config/Level/Mission/5041240/Act/Act504124002.json-->
::In the illusion sculpted by the authority of Ocean, a bubble of a drunken demigod emerged...
::'''Nereides:''' Drink... drink deeper... O great sea goddess, this humble servant awaits your next decree...
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} To which sea god did you serve as priest?
::'''Nereides:''' The&mdash;*hic*&mdash;the sea... of course, it's Lady Hysilens! Guardian of the tides, the only demigod worthy of our devotion&mdash;
::'''Nereides:''' Phagousa is but a phantom.... a dead echo! Merely a vessel for my lady's flame, a stepping stone for ascension!
::'''Nereides:''' Behold... behold Styxia &mdash; once shrouded in "Death's" delusions, but the storm... shall shatter illusions and exile silence with frenzy...
::'''Nereides:''' Come... drink... dance, sing &mdash; praise our Lady, offer her... all the world's finest wines,,,
:{{DIcon}} Is your... current state of "ecstatic communion" legitimate...
::'''Nereides:''' Hah! Look at you... Isn't our creed as Chalice of Plenty followers to drown in revelry... to bathe in delirium?
::'''Nereides:''' Besides... as a fading echo of her memory, my most devout offering... is to sink with her... into this drunken dream...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} You know the truth?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504124305-->
::'''Nereides:''' What's real... and what's false? All I know... is that my lady wills me to linger here...
::'''Nereides:''' Our devout lineage of sea priests... blessed by Lady Hysilens's blade... came to this demigod battlefield... to serve her who sings in the abyss...
::'''Nereides:''' We hoped faith might soothe the sea's weariness... but it was all in vain... She never gazes upon our worship, and only sings endlessly...
::'''Nereides:''' Yet I know... I know... in moments when we drink honey brew and indulge in revelry... her song trembles... She must long to join our festivity. My Lady... is lonely one...
::'''Nereides:''' So I... wake... then drink again... to keep her company... My faith is ecstasy... I yearn to hear her voice... to end her solitude... her despair... to wait together...
::'''Nereides:''' Until... at last... I remain in this banquet, forever drunk on her melody...
:{{DIcon|Exit}} I still have things to do. See you around.
::'''Nereides:''' ...Drink... Keep drinking... Lady Hysilens...
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Nereides
|zhs  = 涅赖德斯
|zht  = 涅賴德斯
|ja   = ネレイデス
|ko   = 네레이데스
|es   = Nereida
|fr   = Néréides
|ru   = Нереида
|th   = Nereides
|vi   = Nereides
|de   = Nereides
|id   = Nereides
|pt   = Nereides
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}