<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Verginia#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Dux Carminum
|image           = NPC Verginia.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = Amphoreus
|location        = "Warbling Shores" Styxia
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Verginia''' is an NPC on [[Amphoreus]], located in [["Warbling Shores" Styxia]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|"Warbling Shores" Styxia|npc_202_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(First interaction)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504121001: Config/Level/Mission/5041210/Act/Act504121001.json-->
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Forging firewood from golden blood to burn away the gloom of the deep sea... feels too dry and lifeless.
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Then again... the sword-bloom blossoms in the song of the lyre, a requiem for the Titans before their fall... might be a bit too on the nose.
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Another love poem, Dux Carminum?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504121004-->
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' N&mdash;No, it's not, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer)! I've written enough love poems these days. I can't slack off on my job...
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' I&mdash;I'm writing the ''Heroic Saga of Flame-Chase'', an epic poem about the Flame-Chase Journey.
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Still, maybe it's from indulging in too many toasts and banquets. It feels like my inspiration's been soaked and soured by honey brew. Every time I try to write a few lines, nothing ever seems quite right...
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} What if, I contribute a line?
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504121008-->
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' O&mdash;Of course! I was just writing about the fall of Phagousa. A champion like you... I'm sure you'll r&mdash;relate to experiencing that spectacular scenery!
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mister}}, how... how would you depict the moment Dux Gladiorum struck down Phagousa?
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Unparalleled... One takes the head across an army ten-thousand strong!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504121011-->
:::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Clean and swift, yet without forsaking grandeur...
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 248,
	"Value": "1"
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} This blade... shall sever the Titan's head!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504121013-->
:::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Rhythmic and forceful, yet surging with passion...
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 248,
	"Value": "2"
}</pre>
::{{DIcon|Arrow}} The golden blood is like dew, and the sea runs as clear as a river.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504121015-->
:::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Restrained yet immersive...
::<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetTextJoinValue",
	"TextJoinID": 248,
	"Value": "3"
}</pre>
::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_504121016-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504121016-->
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Your writing is even better than I i&mdash;imagined! If we put it all together...
:<pre>{
	"$type": "RPG.GameCore.SetEntityVisible",
	"TargetType": {
		"$type": "RPG.GameCore.TargetFetchAdvLocalPlayer"
	}
}</pre>
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' The raging tide calms in the instant the sword-bloom blossoms.
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' The chill of the lyre's notes has already brushed past the Titan's neck...
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Listen now to the Gladius's final tremor... (Unparalleled... One takes the head across an army ten-thousand strong!/This blade... shall sever the Titan's head!/The golden blood is like dew, and the sea runs as clear as a river.)
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' ...
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' It feels like the effect is... even more distinctive than I imagined?
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' N&mdash;not that I plan to change it! After all, this is the writing personally penned by the Deliverer from beyond the sky.
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' I'm taking it to Apollonius right now. He'll definitely be full of praise for your verses!
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
;(Subsequent interactions)
::<!--Trigger PerformanceE 504121002: Config/Level/Mission/5041210/Act/Act504121002.json-->
::In the illusion sculpted by the authority of Ocean, a bubble of a drunken demigod emerged...
::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Oh, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} (Trailblazer)... G&mdash;Good day! Welcome to the f&mdash;feast!
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_504121002_45-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_504121002_45-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Dux Carminum, let's chat!
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504121104-->
:::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Th&mdash;Thank you! I'm not used to opening a conversation, so p&mdash;please go easy on me!
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's talk about your past.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504121106-->
::::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Where to begin... If I start from the very beginning, I remember being born into an unknown tribe in the outskirts of Castrum Kremnos...
::::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Ah, s&mdash;sorry, you probably don't want to hear such trivial things. Let me start from when I was expelled from Castrum Kremnos.
::::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Since I was young, I was very frail and weak. I couldn't even l&mdash;lift the lightest spear.
::::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' But I loved everything r&mdash;romantic! I loved beautiful headscarves, loved burrowing in the library reading stories, and most of all, I l&mdash;loved reciting poetry!
::::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' After leaving Castrum Kremnos, I spent some time as a bard. By chance, the Great Imperator saw my heroic ode and brought me into the army to serve as a chronicler for the Flame-Chase Army.
::::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Once I finish ''Heroic Saga of Flame-Chase'', I'll be able to repay the Great Imperator's kindness in taking me in.
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Let's talk about your future.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504121113-->
::::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' My future... I haven't given it much thought. Or rather, I d&mdash;dared not to hope for the future I desire.
::::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' After all, after Ocean, there are still Trickery, Death, Sky, Strife... With so many mighty Titans to overcome, a weak Chrysos Heir like me... m&mdash;might just end up throwing my life away in battle.
::::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' As for the future the Great Imperator promised...
::::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Reciting poetry on a stage like the universe is intriguing, b&mdash;but it's also terrifying!
::::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' However, if it comes to that, my comrades a&mdash;and Apollonius will probably cheer me on from behind!
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Exit}} Done chatting for now.
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504121119-->
::::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' O&mdash;Okay, have fun at the feast, (Trailblazer)...
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
::::<!--Ends the current performance-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} I know a little secret of yours.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504121123-->
:::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Huh? I&mdash;I don't have any secrets I'm hiding, only an open one&mdash;
:::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' I l&mdash;like Apollonius, I want to accompany him in this endless feast, forever, and ever...
:::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' E&mdash;Everyone knows this.
:::It seems Verginia still can't keep a secret, and that worries you a little. But aside from you, the others lost in the illusion likely won't suspect a thing.
:::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' ...
:::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' {{MC|f=Miss|m=Mr.}} (Trailblazer), thank you.
:::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' I remember long ago, you once offered me a toast, "a romance that is sure to echo."
:::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' It must be because of your blessing that I am able to receive the echoes of happiness in this fantasia...
:::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' I, I mean... in this feast! Heheh...
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Don't be so nervous next time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_504121121-->
:::'''"Dux Carminum" Verginia:''' Ah! I&mdash;I will t&mdash;try my best...
:::<!--Custom String Trigger: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Custom String Listener: ALL_TALK_END-->
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Verginia
|zhs  = 维吉妮娅
|zht  = 維吉妮婭
|ja   = ヴァージニア
|ko   = 베르기니아
|es   = Virginia
|fr   = Verginia
|ru   = Виргиния
|th   = Verginia
|vi   = Verginia
|de   = Verginia
|id   = Verginia
|pt   = Vergínia
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}