<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Doot-Doot#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info.-->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_location = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|title           = Shifter
|image           = NPC Doot-Doot.png
|type            = NPC
|realname        = 
|species         = 
|deceased        = 
|pathlore        = 
|pathNote        = 
|pathRef         = 
|faction         = 
|factionNote     = 
|factionRef      = 
|world           = The Xianzhou Luofu
|location        = The Shackling Prison
|relatives       = 
}}
'''Doot-Doot''' is an NPC on [[The Xianzhou Luofu]], located in [[The Shackling Prison]].

==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Location==
{{Map Embed|The Shackling Prison|npc_120_400001}}
<!--
==Missions and Events==
{{Missions and Events}}
--><!--
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:<!--Trigger PerformanceE 502060002: Config/Level/Mission/5020600/Act/Act502060002.json-->
:'''Doot-Doot:''' Why, if it isn't my favorite version of {{Rubi|(Trailblazer)|me}}. What can I do for you?
:<!--Ends the current performance-->
:<!--Open NPC Menu-->
:{{DIcon}} I just want to chat with you.
::'''Doot-Doot:''' Okay okay~ my favorite pastime, chatting with people. You can talk with me about anything.
::<!--Custom String Trigger: Wait_Option_502060003_15-->
::<!--Custom String Listener: Wait_Option_502060003_15-->
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What else can you transform into?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502060413-->
:::'''Doot-Doot:''' I'm not boasting. I can turn into any organic life form I've seen. It can be a bull, it can also be an apple, but the size difference can't be too large.
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Organic life form? Then, can you turn into an organically produced apple?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502060415-->
::::'''Doot-Doot:''' What are you even talking about? I'm not an agricultural product! Aeons! I treat you like a friend, and you treat me like food?
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502060418-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502060418-->
::::'''Doot-Doot:''' But it is unlikely for me to turn into a cow or an apple... If I turn into a low-intelligence creature, I'll get kinda dumb, too.
::::'''Doot-Doot:''' Besides, it's more fun to become an intelligent creature~
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
:::{{DIcon|Arrow}} Size difference? You can change how large you are at will?
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502060417-->
::::'''Doot-Doot:''' Yeah. Real shame. I can't change my... no! How large? Can you stop being so vulgar!
::::<!--Custom String Trigger: TalkSentence_502060418-->
::::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502060418-->
::::'''Doot-Doot:''' But it is unlikely for me to turn into a cow or an apple... If I turn into a low-intelligence creature, I'll get kinda dumb, too.
::::'''Doot-Doot:''' Besides, it's more fun to become an intelligent creature~
:::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} Why are you locked up here?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502060421-->
:::'''Doot-Doot:''' They said I've stolen identities, cheated people, stolen important intelligence, and committed lots of heinous crimes... Ah. Seriously, though, it's just my basic biological instinct.
:::'''Doot-Doot:''' You define another lifeform's natural instincts as "crimes," then host a show trial about it... You humans are pretty silly!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Talk}} What kind of shapeshifter are you?
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502060424-->
:::'''Doot-Doot:''' What kind of shapeshifter? That's a meaningless question... I don't even know how to start answering that... Feels like I can only tell you that I'm not any kind of shapeshifter.
:::'''Doot-Doot:''' First off, I'm not a Xenohydro. Those freaks have no taste. The body-to-head ratio of a toad, the gurgling way they talk... the wet, slimy body... I can taste how fishy they are from the description alone.
:::'''Doot-Doot:''' Secondly, I'm not a Red Clayform. Those things are just like piles of melted ice cream. One rainy day and they'll end up getting washed into the sewers. No aesthetic at all.
:::'''Doot-Doot:''' As for what I am.... I'm just me! Just like you're just you!
::;(Return to previous option selection (cloneCheckString))
::{{DIcon|Exit}} Let's catch up another time.
:::<!--Custom String Listener: TalkSentence_502060429-->
:::'''Doot-Doot:''' Hmph! Maybe I'll have escaped by then~
:::<!--Ends the current performance-->
:{{DIcon|Exit}} That's all. See you next time.
::'''Doot-Doot:''' Hmph! Maybe I'll have escaped by then~
::<!--Ends the current performance-->
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en   = Protagonist
|zhs  = 主角
|zht  = 主角
|ja   = 主人公
|ko   = 주인공
|es   = Protagonista
|fr   = Protagoniste
|ru   = Протагонист
|th   = ตัวละครหลัก
|vi   = Nhân Vật Chính
|de   = Protagonist
|id   = Tokoh Utama
|pt   = Protagonista
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|TODO}}